TITLE: ‘CHAOS: The Manson Murders’ Review: Errol Morris’ Manson Documentary Gets Lost in the Fog of Conspiracy
DATE: Mar 6, 2025 6:30pm PT
URL: https://variety.com/2025/film/reviews/chaos-the-manson-murders-review-errol-morris-charles-manson-1236330257/
CONTENT:
The film is built around Tom O'Neill's theory that Charles Manson learned mind-control techniques from the CIA's MKUltra program. But guess what? There's no evidence.
By 

	Owen Gleiberman
Chief Film Critic
I’m one of those people — there are a lot of us — who is always up for a Charles Manson movie. There have been so many! All the documentaries and dramatizations. Not to mention the TV specials, both prestige and tabloid, the broadcast interviews with Manson acolytes like Tex Watson and Patricia Krenwinkel, and the epic-event television interviews with Charlie himself, like the famous one conducted by Tom Snyder in 1981 (“Get off the space shuttle, Charles!”) or the one that Charlie Rose did with Manson in 1986. Then there are the books, from Ed Sanders’ “The Family” to Jeff Guinn’s “Manson” to the one that remains the granddaddy of all Manson studies, Vincent Bugliosi’s “Helter Skelter,” the best-selling crime book in history (seven million copies).

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Apple TV+ Viewership Is Surging. Is It the ‘Severance’ Halo Effect?		
			














	
		
					Netflix Viewing Up 5% in Second Half of 2024, 'Squid Game 2' Leads as Most-Watched TV Series
The Manson saga has been excavated from every angle. Yet I’m always open to any new ray of light that can be shed on its darkness. So I sat down to watch “CHAOS: The Manson Murders,” a new Netflix documentary directed by Errol Morris (“The Fog of War,” “The Thin Blue Line”), with what I would describe as a kind of skeptical curiosity. Given what an acclaimed and intelligent filmmaker Morris is, I thought: There has to be something new here. Or why do it? That said, is there actually anything new to discover?




			Popular on Variety
“CHAOS” gives off a deep-dig archival glow typical of contemporary documentaries, with a fair amount of photographs I’d never seen before of the settings of the Manson crime scenes: the occasional oblique shot of a butchered body, as well as images of the words that were scrawled in blood (“death to pigs”), but mostly the banality of the settings before they were drenched in murder, as if those rooms were waiting for the violence to happen.
What’s newer than the photographs, however, is the art-grunge treatment Morris frames the entire film with. “CHAOS” is full of rapid-fire punk coffee-table-book graphics, and such touches as a time-lapse shot of mescaline cactus flowers or a close-up of wriggling maggots (to accompany the story about how when the police discovered Gary Hinman’s body after a week, they could hear the maggots eating him), or psychedelic imagery that looks like it came out of a Kenneth Anger film, or the raw photos of blood on the floor that are now placed in a kind of aestheticized context, as if they were grisly Nan Goldin photographs. Often the photos will be black-and-white, but one part of the image will have a red tint, or the images will be doubled, for that Warhol Confidential feeling. The whole movie is designed as a sick-crime art object.
It’s kind of seductive, but let’s be clear: This is all Manson window dressing. What’s truly new is that Morris, building the film around an interview with Tom O’Neill, author of the book “CHAOS: Charles Manson, the CIA, and the Secret History of the Sixties,” explores a conspiracy theory about the Manson saga that seeks to explain its most mysterious and haunting element. Namely: How is it that the Family members who did the killing — those four “Manson girls” along with Tex Watson (who actually did most of it) — could have been brainwashed and manipulated into descending into such savagery?
We do know that’s what happened. And we know the mythology that’s been built up around it — that Manson was a devious street-hustling criminal who exploited the new youth culture to turn himself into the garbage version of a hippie cult leader, using the psych-out tactics of a pimp combined with breaking down the egos of his followers through massive doses of LSD, spinning out his theory of “Helter Skelter” (an apocalyptic uprising against middle-class white “pigs,” which would be led by Black revolutionaries) as if it were a demonic catechism. He turned his followers into believers who would literally do anything for him.
But Tom O’Neill thinks that this trajectory of events is full of holes. And he’s the one who’s going to fill them in. Because he has a theory — oh, does he have a theory. This man is a piece of work. He doesn’t have evidence — he has hunches. Which he’s willing to palm off as the grand missing puzzle pieces of it all.
O’Neill is a former entertainment journalist who, in 1999, received an assignment from Premiere magazine to write about how the Tate–LaBianca murders changed Hollywood; he wound up going down a rabbit hole. The core of O’Neill’s theory is that he has devised a way to tie the Manson murders into the hidden dark side of the CIA. He’s figured out how to take this legendary chapter of ultraviolent insanity and connect it to…the Man.
O’Neill’s focus is the clandestine CIA program known as MKUltra, which was launched in 1953 and lasted for 20 years. (It was so dicey that the records of it were mostly destroyed in 1973.) MKULtra was the Agency’s ongoing experiment in mind control, rooted in what could be done with hallucinogenic drugs, and utilizing university research centers, most of which had no idea that they were working for the CIA. The LSD experiments had multiple dimensions, but one key facet of them is that the CIA wanted to see if it could use LSD to produce programmed assassins. This idea, part behavior mod and part sci-fi, was very much in the air at the time (it’s dealt with quite spectacularly in the classic 1962 Hollywood thriller “The Manchurian Candidate”). And so you could say that there was an overlap between what the CIA was doing in its subversive bunkers and what Charles Manson was doing with his sermons and drug orgies at Spahn Ranch. But was there a literal connection?
Here’s about as far as it goes. Manson was released from prison in 1967, and he violated his parole by traveling up to San Francisco and settling into the Haight-Ashbury scene. That’s where he started to attract the followers who would become the Family. Manson spent a lot of time at the Haight-Ashbury Free Medical Clinic, mostly because his girls were stricken by venereal disease. But the CIA had also set up an office there. Louis “Jolly” West, a psychiatrist who was deeply involved with MKULtra (he’s known for having conducted an interview with Lee Harvey Oswald assassin Jack Ruby just before Ruby’s murder trial), used the clinic to recruit subjects for his studies of LSD and youth. He called the place a “laboratory disguised as a hippie crash pad.”
But did West and Manson ever meet? O’Neill concedes that he has never found evidence or testimony placing Jolly West and Charlie Manson in the same room. But he’s got enough of a hunch to suggest that Charlie learned his mind-control techniques from the CIA.
Since there’s no actual evidence of this to linger over, Morris fills out the documentary with a dozen tangents, always implying that he’s finding new details and angles — like, for instance, his exploration of Manson’s music career, and how close Charlie actually came to landing a recording contract. Through his friendship with Dennis Wilson, there is actually a Manson song, “Cease to Exist,” on the Beach Boys’ 1969 album “20/20.” And the truth is that Manson had a singing voice of knowing mellow command. Stranger things might have happened than this eccentric crooner turning into a one-hit wonder.
But when the music producer Terry Melcher came up to Spahn Ranch to give Manson an audition, Melcher liked Charlie’s songs but said, “I don’t know what to do with you.” So Charlie came close, but not close enough. And that was a key motivation for the Manson murders, the first night of which took place at the home that Manson thought was Terry Melcher’s house.
But we’ve been through all this before. In “CHAOS,” Errol Morris winds his way through Manson back-alleys, now mixing in the spice of conspiracy theorizing. Here’s a man named Bernard Crowe who Manson shot (and thought, wrongly, that he’d killed) because Charlie believed that Crowe was a Black Panther. Here’s Susan Atkins, the breathy WASP witch-princess of Manson’s followers, talking in an old interview about how she and Tex Watson got super-wired on speed the night of Sharon Tate’s murder (the drug factor is a major part of the explanation of how the girls could see the stabbings they were doing as “unreal”). And here’s a theory, offered up by Bobby Beausoleil in a new interview with Morris, that Charlie was so paranoid that he was afraid one of his followers was going to rat him out, so he orchestrated the murders to make sure everyone was too complicit to snitch.
And, finally, here’s Tom O’Neill’s most scurrilous theory: that the way Vincent Bugliosi pieced together the whole race-war/piggies/Beatles mythology of “Helter Skelter,” in what was one of the most brilliant acts of prosecutorial perception an American courtroom had ever seen (for he had to convict Manson of murder when Manson hadn’t actually killed anybody — a paradigm that goes back to Hitler), was just something he came up with…to sell books! “CHAOS” ends up suggesting that the Manson murders were a grand plot, orchestrated from on high (by the CIA? the Deep State? Nixon?) to turn America against the counterculture. I don’t believe that theory for a second, but there’s one way I think it stays true to the spirit of Charles Manson: It’s pure madness.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: YouTube at 20: How the Video Colossus Launched the Creator Economy and Turned From Hollywood Foe to Friend
DATE: Mar 6, 2025 8:00am PT
URL: https://variety.com/2025/digital/news/youtube-20th-anniversary-sean-evans-hollywood-1236327520/
CONTENT:
Photographs by Jessica Chou
It’s a muggy morning the day before the 2025 Super Bowl in New Orleans, and YouTube CEO Neal Mohan is stuck in parade traffic and not happy about it. It’s not so much the French Quarter gridlock or the humidity that’s bothering him, but that he’s late for a meeting with a YouTube creator. They’re supposed to make a video together, and it involves slime.
“I should have pulled the trigger half an hour ago,” Mohan says to an aide, and then orders everyone out of the car: They’re going to walk the 1.7 miles to the Ernest N. Morial Convention Center. Mohan will be damned if he’s not going to go the extra mile for the particular breed of content creator known as a “YouTuber.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Apple TV+ Viewership Is Surging. Is It the ‘Severance’ Halo Effect?		
			














	
		
					'Fauda' Season 5 to Start Filming in Late April, Eyes Early 2026 Launch Date (EXCLUSIVE)
Over the past 20 years, Google-owned YouTube has become the world’s most-watched video platform, bar none. It’s the home base of countless self-made influencers, podcasters, commentators and entrepreneurs and over time has made it into the big leagues of TV through rights deals with the NFL, Disney, Warner Bros. Discovery and NBCUniversal.




			Popular on Variety
The platform that helped introduce the world to streaming with its launch two decades ago has had a twisty-turny journey in Hollywood on its way to establishing itself as a digital household utility. If you want to find anything on video, the search invariably starts on YouTube. This is a dramatic shift from the first few years of YouTube’s existence, when most of Hollywood viewed the Silicon Valley-born company as a copyright-infringing pariah.
Now, no major studio or network can afford not to post its trailers, clips, previews and promotional interviews on the platform. And those same studios and networks are starting to make significant money from YouTube, whether it’s in carriage fees for channels distributed via YouTube TV or by making select television shows and movies available for free viewing with advertisements.
“Today, YouTube is television,” says Jeff Zucker, former head of NBCUniversal and CNN. “It’s so many businesses wrapped into one — short-form video, long-form video, live, cable TV. I don’t think any media company today can ignore YouTube. It’s too big and too powerful.”
Sean Evans on 10 Years of ‘Hot Ones’ on YouTube: ‘The Best Dumb Idea Ever’
YouTube’s Super Creators: How MrBeast, Rhett & Link, Michelle Khare, Adam W and More Use the Platform to Power Their Businesses
Why YouTube Exited the Original Content Business: ‘We Weren’t Good at Picking Content’
YouTube’s expansion into cable-like TV service with YouTube TV is another reason Mohan has made the trek to New Orleans. He’s here to schmooze top brass from one of his biggest media partners: the NFL. Starting with the 2023-24 season, YouTube became the exclusive U.S. retailer for the Sunday Ticket out-of-home package, replacing DirecTV — and beating out other highly interested parties, including Apple, for the rights.
At the same time, Mohan is using the hoopla around the Super Bowl to promote the other major part of YouTube’s business — its DIY creators, who have turned video dispatches from their basements into businesses worth seven and eight figures.
“It truly is your own world on YouTube. You run the business, and there’s no network notes or anything like that,” says Sean Evans, host of the popular “Hot Ones” series that challenges celebrity guests to nibble on increasingly spicy chicken wings. It sounds like a jokey idea, but the show that launched in 2015 is up to 360-odd episodes and counting.
Top YouTubers have traveled to the Super Bowl this year to take part in the inaugural NFL-YouTube Creator Flag Football Game, which will be livestreamed on the platform the night before the Philadelphia Eagles play the Kansas City Chiefs at the Superdome. Later in the day, Mohan will loudly cheer from the sidelines at the elaborate exhibition match featuring a mix of influencers, musicians and pro athletes. But for now, he’s on a mission to keep his date with creator Carter Kench for that promised video collab, something that has been the CEO’s calling card. Just before noon, Mohan finds Kench at the convention center. “It’s been a long walk, but it’s great to be here,” says Mohan. His wife and three children have come along too. His kids are big fans of YouTube creators, “like all kids,” he says.
Kench, an L.A-based creator with more than 5.4 million subscribers, has set up the materials for their collab in a booth: They’re going to make slime and color it for the Super Bowl teams — red and green. Kench starts to assure the CEO that making slime is pretty simple, but Mohan says, “I have a slime expert right here,” gesturing to the younger of his two daughters. Over the next hour, he delights his girls with his goopy hands.
Afterward, Mohan marvels at the talents of the creators who make the content that fuels his multibillion-dollar business — the minds behind the 3 million-plus channels who earn a cut of YouTube ad revenue. “They’re amazing, creative people,” he says. “What’s always impressive to me is how they sweat every single detail. It’s inspiring.”
As YouTube celebrates its 20th anniversary this year, Mohan, 51, is about to mark 10 years with the platform. The Google veteran signed on in November 2015 as chief product officer before becoming CEO in 2023.
The executive was born in Lafayette, Indiana, and grew up near Ann Arbor, Michigan, where his parents were both graduate students. When he was a teenager, his family moved back to their hometown of Lucknow in Uttar Pradesh, India, where he attended high school at St. Francis College. Former classmates described him as “brilliant but shy,” according to a Times of India article.
“I do think I am a reserved fellow, as my wife reminds me,” Mohan says. “I’ll let others decide on the brilliance piece.”
After returning to the States, Mohan attended Stanford University, where he graduated in 1996 with a degree in electrical engineering and later earned an MBA. He was perfectly positioned to be part of the first dot-com boom. Mohan jumped into the budding online-advertising industry back when most Americans had slow dial-up connections and most websites moved at a glacial pace. Mohan eventually rose to senior VP of strategy and product development at digital ad firm DoubleClick. Google liked the company’s technology and acquired it in 2008. In the process of completing the DoubleClick acquisition, Mohan met Susan Wojcicki, an influential player at Google. She was the company’s 16th employee after its founding in 1998.
By the time Mohan met her a decade later, Wojcicki was head of Google’s massive advertising business. The two went on to spend 15 years working together — Wojcicki was tapped to run YouTube in 2014, and Mohan joined her as chief product officer a year later.
“We hit it off from our very first conversation in some legal office boardroom in New York City,” Mohan recalls. The two ad-tech wonks, he says, loved “geeking out on building interesting products for our customers.” He and Wojcicki became close friends.
Wojcicki’s death in August 2024, at age 56, marked the end of an era for Google and YouTube. Mohan was devastated. “I am forever grateful for her friendship and guidance,” he said at the time. “I will miss her tremendously.” Not only was Wojcicki an early employee, but it was her garage in Palo Alto, California, that founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin rented as Google’s first headquarters. Mohan took the reins of YouTube from Wojcicki, which provided a level of continuity that was important for both enterprises.
Wojcicki was a model of a highly effective tech leader focused on building great products in a large organization, Mohan says. And part of the reason for that, he adds, is that “she was also really oriented around people.”
When YouTube was incorporated in February 2005 by three former PayPal employees — Chad Hurley, Steve Chen and Jawed Karim — the start-up was housed in Hurley’s garage in Menlo Park, California. The very first video was uploaded April 23, 2005, by Karim; titled “Me at the Zoo,” it was a 19-second clip he shot in front of the elephant exhibit at the San Diego Zoo.
The founders actually launched the platform as a site for video dating. But after one week, not a single person had uploaded any videos. So they pivoted to promoting YouTube as a general-purpose video-sharing platform.
It was a long-shot idea, as it wasn’t clear at the time whether the internet could support video delivery at scale, says Roelof Botha, managing partner of Sequoia Capital, the Menlo Park-based venture capital firm that has backed some of Silicon Valley’s most world-beating start-ups. Botha led Sequoia’s total investment of $8.5 million in YouTube.
“The three entrepreneurs were scrappy and smart,” he says, explaining why he made the bet on the fledgling service. “The site was usable in a way that others were not.”
Two decades later, the platform is a massive fire hose that sprays out every kind of content imaginable, watched by an estimated 2.44 billion monthly users in 2024, according to researcher eMarketer. There are vlogs, how-to videos, comedy sketches, music videos, news segments, talk shows, product reviews, video-game playthroughs, life hacks, animated shows, podcasts, TV clips, full movies and movie trailers, stunts, pranks and challenges. More than 500 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube every minute. It’s the No. 2 most-visited site in the world, behind only Google.com, and the second-biggest search engine after Google.
Worldwide, users watch on average more than 1 billion hours of YouTube content on TVs every day, according to the company. In the U.S., TVs recently surpassed phones and tablets as YouTube’s No. 1 viewing device. According to Nielsen, for two years running, Americans have spent more time watching YouTube on their TV sets than any other streamer, including Netflix, Disney+ and Amazon Prime Video.
In 2024, YouTube generated global ad revenue of $36.15 billion, up an impressive 15%. For the 12 months that ended September 2024, YouTube’s subscription revenue topped $15 billion. That was generated by YouTube TV, the biggest internet-delivered live TV service in the U.S. with 8 million-plus customers; YouTube Premium, which provides ad-free videos and other perks; and YouTube Music Premium, a music-only streaming service. This week it announced that it now has more than 125 million subscribers for YouTube Music and Premium services, up from 100 million a year ago.
As a stand-alone entity, apart from Google, YouTube would be worth more than $400 billion, Wall Street analyst firm MoffettNathanson has estimated — more than Disney, Comcast, Warner Bros. Discovery and Paramount Global combined.
When he was running NBC in the mid-2000s, Zucker saw so much conflict ahead with the upstart video-sharing platform that it drove him to partner with Rupert Murdoch’s Fox to launch a streaming competitor, Hulu, that was known internally as “the YouTube killer” when it was gestating at NBC and Fox.
“The idea behind Hulu was we couldn’t let YouTube take advantage of our IP at NBC and leave us in the dust with no ability to monetize it,” Zucker says.
YouTube now sustains thousands of businesses that have grown into small media companies, primarily by distributing their shows on the platform. Mohan calls them “the start-ups of Hollywood.” Some of the biggest names are Rhett & Link of “Good Mythical Morning”; Mark Rober; MrBeast; and “Hot Ones” producer First We Feast.
Evans and Chris Schonberger launched “Hot Ones” in 2015 as, says Evans, a “skunkworks, freak-show project” when they worked at digital media company Complex. In 2021, BuzzFeed bought Complex, and then in early 2024 sold most of the company — but held on to First We Feast. Then in December 2024, Evans, Schonberger and a group of investors bought First We Feast from BuzzFeed for $82.5 million. Today, “Hot Ones” has millions of fans and has busted into the cultural zeitgeist — including getting spoofed on “Saturday Night Live.”
“There’s no one that I look around at in entertainment and think to myself, ‘Oh, I’d rather have that,’” Evans says. “I just like being king of my castle over here.”
RELATED: Sean Evans on 10 Years of ‘Hot Ones’ on YouTube: ‘The Best Dumb Idea Ever’
Meanwhile, traditional media companies have completely shifted their stance toward YouTube. Initially, many it saw it as a huge piracy threat — epitomized by the 2007 lawsuit filed by Viacom accusing YouTube of “brazen” copyright infringement and demanding more than $1 billion in damages. (The parties reached a settlement in 2014; Google did not pay out any money.)
Now, media firms “view YouTube as a really important part of their future growth strategies, and that is a night-and-day difference from where we were from those early Viacom days,” Mohan says.
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell says the Sunday Ticket pact with YouTube didn’t come down to just the dollar amount YouTube was willing to pay. The league wanted a partner with global reach and a younger demographic — both of which YouTube delivers. “I think Neal understood how these mediums were going to collide and how the NFL content could actually be helpful in developing their strategy overall,” says Goodell. “We have great confidence in him.”
In YouTube’s first year, its primary traffic driver was viral videos. Two stood out: In November 2005, a Nike ad featuring Brazilian soccer star Ronaldinho improbably hitting a goal’s crossbar with a ball four times in a row became the first YouTube video to reach 1 million views. The following month, fans of “Saturday Night Live” and Andy Samberg uploaded copies of the Lonely Island’s mock-rap short “Lazy Sunday.” It racked up 5 million views before NBC’s lawyers demanded the three-minute clip be pulled down.
YouTube’s founders and Botha recognized that defending the site against claims of copyright infringement was one of its two major risks, along with the technical challenges of scaling performance. They relied on the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), which limits the liability of online platforms for user-shared material that includes copyrighted content.
But that didn’t satisfy some media companies. YouTube’s first general counsel, Zahavah Levine, recalled on a recent podcast hosted by Botha that prior to the Google acquisition, Universal Music Group “fully unleashed an orchestrated campaign of fear tactics on us” — and she had one UMG exec “literally scream at me over the phone: ‘YouTube was built on the backs of our artists and owes us hundreds of millions of dollars!’” YouTube eventually inked a licensing deal with UMG, which Google had made a precondition of the acquisition’s closing.
To address media companies’ wrath over the misappropriation of their content, YouTube developed Content ID: a system that scans uploads against a database of copyrighted audio and video content. If Content ID finds a match, a copyright owner can block the video or opt to monetize the video with ads.
But Content ID has its critics. The system favors copyright holders, giving them the ability to remove videos that should be covered under fair-use doctrine, argues Katharine Trendacosta, director of policy and advocacy at the Electronic Frontier Foundation. YouTube’s Content ID was borne out of “wanting big media companies to like them and leave them alone,” she says. “It’s more profitable for them to be partners with these big companies rather than with smaller individual creators.”
Mohan counters that Content ID is the fundamental technology that allows YouTube to be an open platform — to protect the rights of partners and make it economically viable for all creators. From 2021-2023, YouTube paid out some $70 billion to creators, artists, and music and media companies. And Mohan says that wouldn’t be possible without Content ID.
“What Content ID allows us to do is not just talk the talk [about copyright protection] but walk the walk,” says Mohan.
By the end of 2005, YouTube’s corporate headquarters had moved from Hurley’s garage to offices above Amici’s pizzeria in San Mateo, California. The company now accounted for about one-fourth of all internet bandwidth usage in the U.S., and this early surge of growth caught the eye of Google, as well as Yahoo and Rupert Murdoch’s News Corp.
Botha recalls that Google “came in with confidence, speed and precision” on an offer for YouTube. Google ultimately closed its acquisition for $1.65 billion in stock in November 2006. (The YouTube founders landed on the price tag because they thought it would be cool to sell the company for 10% more than eBay paid for PayPal in 2002.)
Zucker, who was CEO of NBC Entertainment at the time, certainly remembers “Lazy Sunday” blowing up on YouTube. “We saw it as an opportunity — and a threat,” he says. “YouTube showed us how powerful viral video could be.” He still thinks “Lazy Sunday” was a primary reason Google bought YouTube.
The dawn of the creator economy arguably was in 2007. That’s when the platform introduced its YouTube Partner Program, which shares ad revenue with creators whose channels hit minimum subscriber and viewing thresholds. (The current standard YouTube split is 55% for the channel owner, 45% for the house.) The program, known as YPP, gave rise to a brand-new job: YouTuber. For those with showbiz aspirations, it’s the new version of packing up the car and driving to Hollywood or New York. Never mind that only about 4% of an estimated 50 million creators worldwide earn more than $100,000 per year, according to Goldman Sachs research.
YouTube’s biggest star today is Jimmy Donaldson, the 26-year-old known as MrBeast. He runs the platform’s most-subscribed channel, with more than 370 million followers, garnering a global fan base for his outlandish stunts, wacky big-money giveaways and philanthropic endeavors. Donaldson earned an estimated $85 million for the 12 months ended June 2024, according to Forbes.
Donaldson says the moment he realized YouTube could become a full-time job was with his “I Counted to 100,000!” video, uploaded in January 2017 — in which he literally counted from one to 100,000. He says it took him 40 hours; the video, sped up in parts, runs nearly 24 hours. That video was “the catalyst for everything that followed,” Donaldson says. “It was a big idea, but I was all in.”
But Donaldson’s most audacious project to date wasn’t on YouTube: The reality competition show “Beast Games” was co-produced with Amazon Prime Video. The “Squid Game”-style program, which awarded more than $20 million in prize money to contestants, cost more than $100 million to produce.
“It was an opportunity to expand the MrBeast brand to new audiences and take on a bigger project,” Donaldson says. But, he adds, “YouTube will always be my No. 1 focus, as it powers everything I do. I don’t want to be a creator that loses focus and my channel dies as a result.”
Mohan says he’s “really proud when YouTube is the jumping off point for things that creators can do outside of YouTube” like Donaldson’s “Beast Games.” “I’m rooting for Jimmy in all of his endeavors because he knows, and I know, that sort of the basis of all of that is the investment and hard work that he puts into YouTube,” the CEO says.
RELATED: YouTube’s Super Creators: How MrBeast, Rhett & Link, Michelle Khare, Adam W and More Use the Platform to Power Their Businesses
Over time, media companies have found YouTube fertile ground for promoting content and earning revenue. Yet those companies are also competing with YouTube for consumers’ time and ad dollars. “YouTube is the ultimate frenemy,” says Brian Fuhrer, Nielsen’s senior VP of product strategy.
Netflix brass, when pressed on the question of competing with YouTube, insist the services are complementary. “We compete directly with YouTube for people’s time, for the time they spend on that TV screen. But we have very different strengths,” co-CEO Ted Sarandos told analysts on its Q3 2024 earnings interview.
Dana Walden, co-chairman of Disney Entertainment, says any share of viewing that YouTube might take from the Mouse House’s TV and streaming properties is hugely outweighed by the upside of working with the platform. The partnership spans promotional content for Disney+ and Hulu, plus movies and theme parks, as well as advertising and pay-TV distribution.
“YouTube plays a key role in deepening fandom across each segment of our company, and not just streaming,” Walden says. It’s a deeply symbiotic relationship, she says, “one where both Disney and YouTube thrive on the scale, awareness and passion of our audiences.”
One of Disney’s goals with YouTube, Walden says, is “enabling creators to grow that love for our IP.”
René Rechtman, an alum of Maker Studios and Disney, founded children’s entertainment outfit Moonbug Entertainment in 2018 after he realized that none of the top 100 YouTube channels aimed at kids was owned by traditional media companies. “I saw how uninterested kids were in cable TV, and how engaged they were with YouTube creators,” he says.
Moonbug acquired several companies producing content for YouTube: CoComelon, Blippi and Little Baby Bum. One of CoComelon’s top all-time YouTube videos is “Wheels on the Bus” — which has a mind-bending 7.2 billion views (and counting). In 2021, two of Rechtman’s former Disney colleagues, Tom Staggs and Kevin Mayer, came calling with an offer he couldn’t refuse: $3 billion for Moonbug to become part of their new media roll-up company, Candle Media.
“I think this was a greenfield for us because companies like Disney had an existential crisis with Netflix,” Rechtman says. “They were all focused on, How do we compete in this new direct-to-consumer world? They saw YouTube as a marketing platform, which was a big mistake.” YouTube is the biggest free streaming platform in the world, Rechtman says: “How great is that opportunity?”
Among traditional media companies, WWE has one of the biggest footprints on YouTube. Its main channel, launched in May 2007, has served more than 91 billion video views to date and has over 107 million subscribers. That makes it one of the top 10 most-subscribed channels on YouTube.
WWE president Nick Khan says that in the earliest days of YouTube, the only media outlets that covered WWE were those that had licensing agreements with the wrestling entertainment company. “So we were forced to push our content to other platforms to get our message out,” he says.
“We believe we deliver what our fans wanted,” Khan says by way of explaining WWE’s tremendous growth on YouTube with clips, highlights, classic matches and some exclusive material. “We like to be first movers in any space.” And the company has done that without cannibalizing viewing on tentpole properties on TV and other streaming platforms, he says.
Asked whether WWE sees YouTube as a potential distributor for its premium live events in the future, Khan notes that the company’s deal with NBCU’s Peacock runs through March 2026. He says NBCU has been a “tremendous partner,” noting it will have the have the first to renew the rights for Peacock. If not, “we will talk to everyone including YouTube, which has done phenomenally well with Sunday Ticket and YouTube TV,” says Khan.
Will McIntosh, president of NBCU’s Fandango and NBC Sports Next, sees YouTube largely as a partner and not so much as a competitor. Fandango’s content promoting movies coming to theaters and home entertainment performs really well on YouTube. “It’s inarguable — it’s the most important platform from that perspective,” McIntosh says. “Ultimately, we know that manifests itself in ticket sales.”
YouTube also is a partner for Fandango’s Movieclips business, which is currently one of the biggest channels on YouTube with more than 63 million subscribers. It’s a three-way win: Fandango, studios and YouTube each earn revenue from ads served against licensed clips of TV and movie scenes. One of the most-viewed videos on Movieclips’ channel is the “Shake It Off” scene from 2016 animated hit “Sing” (525 million views).
McIntosh says his team works with all the online platforms, including Facebook, Instagram and TikTok. “None of those partners has risen to the scale of YouTube, with its audience and what we can draw into our platforms,” he says.
Ynon Kreiz, CEO of Mattel, previously ran Maker Studios, the multichannel network company that aggregated thousands of YouTube creators into different vertical segments. Disney bought Maker in 2014. Kreiz observes that YouTube’s evolution over the years — to use technology to better target content and ads to individual viewers and drive engagement — is similar to Mattel’s shift from being a toy manufacturer to a steward of franchises like Barbie and Hot Wheels that engages with fans on an emotional level.
On YouTube, “you can have a two-way conversation with fans, who create their own content around your brands,” he says. “This is not just a place where you put advertising.” Mattel, he says, is spending more creating content specifically for YouTube, where “there’s a commercial model with financial returns.”
Zucker, the one-time YouTube adversary, today is the CEO of media-investment firm RedBird IMI, whose holdings include British production house All3Media, Front Office Sports and studio Media Res. He’s a convert to the notion that YouTube is integral to any media business today. “We know the power of that platform, we know what it can do — and we’re going to continue to try to harness that,” he says.
RELATED: Why YouTube Exited the Original Content Business: ‘We Weren’t Good at Picking Content’
Even as YouTube ramps up subscription revenue, advertising remains its lifeblood. The video platform continues to post double-digit growth off a large revenue base. It’s taking share from traditional TV, where ad sales have slowed or declined: GroupM projects just 1.9% growth worldwide in 2025 for linear television advertising.
Marketers have been attracted to YouTube’s ability to reach viewers from the get-go. YouTube may have been an antagonist to traditional media players — but that wasn’t the case with advertisers. “From the earliest days, advertisers were trying to work with YouTube,” says Brian Wieser, founder and CEO of Madison & Wall, an advisory and data services firm for advertising and tech industries. “If you go back to the early and mid-2000s, advertisers appreciated how important online video advertising was and would become.”
According to Sequoia’s Botha, the ad business made it profitable before the Google acquisition. “The YouTube founders made it very cost effective to deliver video. So you only needed a low monetization rate to be successful,” he says.
YouTube gained the attention of TV advertisers with the introduction in 2014 of Google Preferred. Later rebranded YouTube Select, the program lets marketers target the top 5% of popular channels in categories like entertainment and pop culture, food and music. “That’s when they started to dip their toe into the broader TV spending pool,” says Drew Corry, SVP and group director of strategic investment at ad-buying giant IPG Mediabrands. “If you’re trying to reach consumers by video, you’re going to have some level of investment in YouTube.”
YouTube also has delivered an advertising experience that, from a viewer’s perspective, is superior to TV, says Mattel’s Kreiz. “It’s more user-friendly than traditional linear television, where you have to sit through literally several minutes of advertising per hour,” says Kreiz. He notes that YouTube pioneered skippable ads — a radical concept when it was first introduced in 2010. Mohan, who was involved in developing YouTube’s TrueView skippable ad format, says he’s proud of the innovation: “I do think it’s changed the industry in terms of how advertiser value is conveyed, but in a way that actually also works for all of us as users and consumers.”
Today, YouTube is the biggest streamer on TVs — and if viewing trends continue on their current trajectory, says Nielsen’s Fuhrer, “there’s a lot more runway there.”
In 2016, Nielsen adopted a new methodology for measuring viewing on TV that encompassed streaming. And it found that while Netflix represented half of streaming, YouTube was in second place. “We thought, ‘This can’t be right. YouTube can’t be this big on TV,’” Fuhrer recalls.
Then came a tipping point: In the summer of 2022, YouTube passed Netflix on TV viewing in the U.S. for the first time, per Nielsen. And it’s held the lead for the past two years. In January 2025, YouTube had 10.8% share on TVs, with Netflix following at 8.6%. YouTube’s TV audience for a long time has been the most diverse from an age perspective and with its broad range of content has “an amazing ability to engage every ethnicity,” says Fuhrer.
Nielsen Total TV and Streaming Snapshot (Viewing Share on TVs, January 2025)
When YouTube began to focus on boosting its share of living-room viewing about a decade ago, it saw there were “pockets of content of watch time that we weren’t serving,” says Christian Oestlien, director of product management at YouTube. Translation: traditional linear TV, and sports in particular. Oestlien led the team that launched YouTube TV in early 2017, combining the dizzyingly vast array of content on core YouTube with the likes of ABC, CBS, Fox, NBC and more, so “you’re getting this really complete, one-stop experience,” he says.
Will the Super Bowl one day be streaming on YouTube? “We would love that. Someday,” says Mary Ellen Coe, YouTube’s chief business officer. “A few contracts need to expire, though.”
YouTube has enjoyed a steady growth trajectory. But YouTube and Google have become so big and powerful that U.S. regulators are trying to rein them in. In January 2023, the Justice Department filed an antitrust lawsuit accusing Google of illegally monopolizing the ad-tech market. According to the suit, big advertisers and agencies that want to buy inventory on “the market-leading YouTube website” generally are forced to use Google’s ad tools, reinforcing the company’s “monopolistic grip.” Google has responded that the DOJ is attempting “to pick winners and losers in the highly competitive advertising technology sector.”
How the DOJ’s ad-tech case will play out under the Trump administration is uncertain. For now, Sean Downey, president of Google’s advertising business for the Americas and global partners, tells advertisers that it’s business as usual. “We tell them we’re going to follow that legal process, and whatever remedies come out, we will adhere to,” he says. “In the meantime, we can drive tremendous value for you on the platform.”
In 2017, YouTube faced another crisis in its advertising business after revelations that the platform ran ads in videos with hate speech. It also came to light that YouTube ads appeared with videos that attracted child predators. That prompted major advertisers including Walmart, PepsiCo, AT&T and Chase to freeze spending on YouTube. In response, YouTube moved to tighten controls over how it places ads to ensure they’re adjacent to “brand-safe” content, and it set new restrictions on creator eligibility for revenue sharing.
But that led some YouTubers to complain they were being unfairly deprived of ad-revenue income. Some dubbed it an “adpocalypse” that cut into their earnings.
“That was a crucible moment for YouTube,” Mohan says. “It was an existential threat to our business. It eroded the trust of advertisers. And our creators were really worried.” Mohan was in charge of implementing the advertiser-friendly policies at the time. “We did it slowly but surely. But it takes a lot to build that trust back up.”
To Mohan, YouTube has an opportunity to grow its already massive viewing numbers, given that the platform still only represents roughly 10% of total time spent watching TV in the U.S. “Increasingly people — especially young people — when they turn on their television screens, they’re turning on YouTube.”
A big focus for YouTube in 2025 and beyond is artificial intelligence. The company has made significant investments over the years in AI-based technology for video recommendations and Content ID, its copyright-detection system. Last year it rolled out AI-enabled features for YouTube Shorts, including Dream Screen, which generates images and video backgrounds. Mohan predicts AI will turbocharge YouTube’s creator economy, expanding the creative possibilities.
But it’s a fraught topic, given Hollywood’s fears about AI encroaching on its intellectual property. YouTube has pledged that it will build “responsible AI.” In December, the company announced a partnership with CAA to let actors and other talent identify and take down AI-generated fakes of themselves uploaded to the video platform.
“I believe that AI is going to enhance human creativity, not replace it, and that is both the opportunity as well as the challenge in the next few years,” Mohan says.
Back at the New Orleans convention center, Mohan reiterates that he sees his job as going the extra mile to build the best possible stage for creators of all stripes — whether that’s Sean Evans, MrBeast, Disney or the NFL — to promote and monetize their productions. “And then,” he says, “we get out of the way.”
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Paramount Moves to Throw Out Trump’s ’60 Minutes’ Suit: ‘An Affront to the First Amendment’
DATE: Mar 6, 2025 1:19pm PT
URL: https://variety.com/2025/tv/news/paramount-cbs-trump-60-minutes-interview-dismiss-lawsuit-1236330636/
CONTENT:

By 

	Gene Maddaus
Senior Media Writer
Paramount and CBS filed motions Thursday to throw out President Donald Trump’s lawsuit over a “60 Minutes” interview last year, calling the suit an “affront to the First Amendment.”
Trump first sued the network a few days before the November election, alleging that the program had violated a Texas consumer protection law by deceptively editing an interview with Kamala Harris. Last month, the president expanded the lawsuit, alleging an additional claim under the federal Lanham Act and seeking $20 billion in damages.
In a bid to establish jurisdiction in federal court in Texas, Trump also added Rep. Ronny Jackson, R-Amarillo, as a co-plaintiff.




			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Apple TV+ Viewership Is Surging. Is It the ‘Severance’ Halo Effect?		
			














	
		
					Kristen Bell’s SAG Monologue Pays Tribute to L.A. Firefighters, Sings ‘Do You Want to Build a Snowman?’ Parody About Embarrassing Early Roles
The company filed two motions to dismiss the case, one for lack of jurisdiction and the other on grounds that consumer fraud laws do not govern editorial speech.
“This lawsuit is an affront to the First Amendment and is without basis in law or fact,” the company’s lawyers wrote.
The lawsuit has been the subject of consternation within CBS, as Paramount has indicated it may be willing to settle with Trump. In part, the company is fearful that Trump’s appointees at the Federal Communications Commission may hold up the merger with Skydance.
The motions filed Thursday laid out a forceful argument that the suit is an unconstitutional threat to free speech.
“If the First Amendment means anything, it means that public officials like Plaintiffs cannot hold news organizations like CBS liable for the simple exercise of editorial judgment,” the motion argues. “Whether Plaintiffs believe the entire unedited Interview should have aired or only edited in a way they approve, they are not entitled under the First Amendment to demand only news that fits their wishes.”
Trump filed the suit in the Amarillo federal courthouse, where nearly all cases are assigned to Judge Matthew Kacsmaryk, a Trump appointee.
In the motion regarding jurisdiction, Paramount argued that there is no reason why a Texas judge should hear a lawsuit filed by Trump, a Florida resident, against CBS, which is based in New York.
CBS aired two excerpts from Harris’ response to a question about Gaza. In the first airing, on “Face the Nation,” she gave a relatively circuitous response. The clip used the following day on “60 Minutes” was more succinct. Trump has argued that CBS sought to falsely portray Harris as more coherent than she was by deleting her “word salad” response.
Trump claims that the editing violated the state and federal consumer fraud laws, because they created confusion and amounted to “unfair competition” with Truth Social, his social media platform.
CBS had filed a similar motion to dismiss in December, but that became moot when Trump amended his claim last month.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Netflix Stock Slides Amid Analyst Forecast of Slowing Sub Growth, Broader Market Turmoil Over Trump Tariffs
DATE: Mar 6, 2025 1:07pm PT
URL: https://variety.com/2025/biz/news/netflix-stock-drop-slowing-sub-growth-tariffs-1236330603/
CONTENT:

By 

	Todd Spangler
NY Digital Editor
Shares of Netflix fell 8.5% Thursday as investors reacted to analyst projections for slowing subscriber growth after the streamer’s record gains last year on its password-sharing crackdown. The stock’s decline also came as the wider market dropped on President Trump’s shifting decisions on tariffs imposed on Canada and Mexico.
Other media and tech stocks seeing declines Thursday included Spotify (-7.4%), Warner Bros. Discovery (-6.4%), Roku (-6.4%), Disney (-3.6%), Meta (-4.35%) and Amazon (-3.7%). Gainers included Paramount Global (+2.2%) as well as Comcast (+2%) and Sony (+0.3%).
Market indexes were down Thursday, with S&P 500 dipping 1.78% and the Nasdaq Composite declining 2.61%. That came after Trump said he would suspend new tariffs on most imports from Mexico and Canada until April 2 — coming just two days after he instigated a trade battle with the two countries by announcing imminent tariffs of 25% on the countries.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					It’s Official: The DVD Business Died Last Year		
			














	
		
					'Shin Godzilla' Co-Director's Next Film, 'Bullet Train Explosion,' Reveals High-Stakes Teaser and Full Cast
Meanwhile, in a note published Thursday morning, a team of analysts at MoffettNathason led by Robert Fishman pointed out that Netflix had its strongest period of subscriber growth in the second half of 2024 since the pandemic, adding a net 24 million subscribers over that time. While “it is likely Netflix has a few more quarters of strong subscriber growth driven by its content slate and ad-tier,” the analysts said, “we do expect the benefits of the password-sharing crackdown to slow.”




			Popular on Variety
As of the first quarter of 2025, Netflix will no longer report subscriber numbers on a regular basis (and it had already stopped providing quarterly sub forecasts). The company has asserted that financial metrics like engagement and profitability better reflect its overall health and trajectory.
MoffettNathanson’s note on Netflix wasn’t a downgrade: The firm reiterated its “neutral” rating on the stock and its $850/share 12-month price target. But it noted that an analysis of Netflix’s total engagement statistics for the second half of 2024 translated to a 6% decline in average daily engagement per global subscriber. That “implies that the elevated level of global subscriber growth for Netflix does not represent as significant an expansion of its user base. Rather, it is leading to Netflix (very successfully) improving the monetization of its existing userbase,” the analysts said.
On Wednesday, Netflix CFO Spencer Neumann made upbeat comments at an investor conference, saying he expects content spending to continue to rise as the company attracts more subscribers globally and grows top-line revenue.
“We’re not anywhere near a ceiling” with respect to content spending, Neumann said. Netflix has forecast $18 billion in cash content spending this year, which would be up around 11% from $16.2 billion in 2024.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: ‘S.W.A.T.’ Canceled by CBS For a Third Time — After Eight Seasons and Two Previous Saves
DATE: Mar 6, 2025 5:00pm PT
URL: https://variety.com/2025/tv/news/swat-canceled-cbs-third-time-eight-seasons-1236330900/
CONTENT:

By 

	Michael Schneider
Variety Editor at Large
CBS has canceled its long-running action drama “S.W.A.T.” after eight seasons and 163 episodes, the show’s producers and stars were told on Thursday. But this represents the third time “S.W.A.T.” has been cancelled by the Eye net — so it’s probably tough to tell at this point if it’s really, really the end.
The series, which stars Shemar Moore as Daniel “Hondo” Harrelson, was brought back to life for a Season 8 after CBS previously announced that its seventh season would be its last. And that wasn’t its first time, as CBS also axed the show in 2023 after Season 6, before announcing it would return for one last run. 





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Scopely’s Reported ‘Pokémon Go’ Buy Not Indicative of Gaming Resurgence		
			














	
		
					Netflix Previews Deva Cassel-Led 'The Leopard' Series, Its Most Ambitious Italian Original to Date: 'Sumptuous and Emotionally Charged'
In both cases, after the initial cancellation, CBS, Sony Pictures TV and CBS Studios were able to work out the deal to bring the show back at a license fee that made sense for all involved. But this time, it appears the third time may not be the charm and “S.W.A.T.” may really be over. “S.W.A.T.,” which airs Fridays at 8 p.m., received a full 22-episode order this season, of which 13 have aired so far (meaning there are still nine to go).

	










			Popular on Variety
“It’s heartbreaking news, primarily because it’s been such an immense pleasure working with this cast and crew to put out a show that we’ve always been proud of,” said showrunner/exec producer Andrew Dettman. “They are truly an extraordinary group of people who have all worked so hard and have been so dedicated for all these eight seasons, overcoming countless challenges. I can’t give them enough credit. I feel so privileged to have been a part of the S.W.A.T. family.”
Besides Moore, “S.W.A.T.” also stars Jay Harrington, David Lim, Patrick St. Esprit, Anna Enger Ritch and Niko Pepaj.
“S.W.A.T.” is produced by Sony Pictures Television in association with CBS Studios. The series is exec produced by Shawn Ryan, Andrew Dettmann, Justin Lin, Neal H. Moritz, Marney Hochman, Pavun Shetty, Billy Gierhart, Shemar Moore, James Scura, Sarah Alderson and Kent Rotherham.
“It’s been an extraordinary privilege to work on S.W.A.T. for eight seasons and tell the stories of Hondo and 20-Squad,” Ryan said. “I thank our fans, Shemar Moore, the rest of our cast, our producers, Sony Pictures Television, CBS Studios and CBS for the opportunity. Most of all I want to thank our tireless, dedicated crew who made our writers, directors and cast always look good. My greatest concern right now is for them.”
“S.W.A.T” is inspired by the series of the same name created by Robert Hamner that ran on ABC for one season from 1975 to 1976.
News comes as CBS also canceled two more dramas, “FBI: Most Wanted” and “FBI: International,” earlier this week. Like “S.W.A.T.,” which comes from Sony, the “FBI” series also come from an outside studio: Universal TV. Last month, CBS renewed nine series: “NCIS,” “NCIS: Origins,” “NCIS: Sydney,” Tracker,” “George & Mandie’s First Marriage,” “Hollywood Squares,” “Elsabeth,” “Fire Country” and “Ghosts” (which landed a two-season pickup). The network has also ordered “Boston Blue,” a spinoff of “Blue Bloods” for next season, as well as “Fire Country” spinoff “Sheriff Country.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: News
DATE: 8 hours ago
URL: https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/c/news/
CONTENT:
"[Jo was] also what I was maybe lacking in myself," Gaga said.
“Almost every single case of measles is in someone who’s not vaccinated. I think you’re the perfect person to say sorry," the outspoken Democratic advocate said.
Prosecutors also say that he forced an employee to have sex with him. Combs has denied the allegations.
In an extraordinarily personal insight into Charles III's music taste, 'The King's Music Room' was recorded at Buckingham Palace in his private office.
They were married for 17 years and share two daughters.
“I would really like for the artists to come in and make connections and understand the game and not get fucked like the old ones did,” said Shaggy of the third annual confab.
Neil Young, Charli XCX, Noah Kahan, The Prodigy, Raye, Loyle Carner, Gracie Abrams and more have also been confirmed to perform at the U.K.'s biggest music festival.
Mercury Records announced the executive’s promotions on Tuesday, both having been with the company since its relaunch in 2022.
The Oscar winner also opens up about how alcohol impacted her menopause symptoms.
The vibraphonist's hits have been sampled by Mary J. Blige, Common, Tyler, the Creator and Kanye West.
'The Office' star partnered with Alice's Kids, which is providing prom tickets to high school seniors.
Faster Pussycat is still planning to perform its scheduled show, but without lead singer Taime Downe after his fiancée went missing and is presumed dead.
Producer Jeffrey Seller said the show could not participate in the "new culture" of the institution.
Jackson lost his childhood home, which is also where he had raised his four-year-old daughter, in the Palisades fire.
The author has been accused of repeatedly raping and assaulting Scarlett Pavlovich while she was working for his family in New Zealand in 2022.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: ‘The Spies Among Us’ Shows a Victim Talking to Ex-Stasi Officers, Taking You Inside a Surveillance State
DATE: March 6, 2025 7:05am
URL: https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/movies/movie-news/sxsw-the-spies-among-us-documentary-stasi-surveillance-state-1236155666/
CONTENT:
Forget 1984! You don’t usually get a non-fiction look behind the curtain of the state security and secret police apparatus in a dictatorship. The Spies Among Us, a new documentary from Jamie Coughlin Silverman and Gabriel Silverman (the writing duo behind 2018’s TransMilitary which the former also produced and the latter directed), tries to change that. World premiering at the 2025 edition of South by Southwest on Saturday, it is described as “a rare look into the inner workings of a data-driven surveillance state run by one of the most feared secret police forces the world has ever known — East Germany’s Stasi.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					London TV Screenings Sets Record Year, Unveils 2026 Event		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					The Luxembourg City Film Festival: A B-Tier Fest That Attracts A-List Names (Who Don't Need a Tux)
The film follows the personal investigation by Peter Keup, a Stasi victim-turned-historian, into family secrets. His search for answers takes a unique turn when he contacts and meets men who ran the system that tore apart his family in the former German Democratic Republic, including Heinz Engelhardt, the final living ex-leader of the Stasi. “These are the first conversations of their kind between Stasi officers and a victim,” a synopsis on the SXSW website highlights. “Through these meetings, a terrifying mosaic is built of the lengths people go to maintain power in a dictatorship, as well as the indomitable human spirit that seeks truth and self-determination.”
The film from SideXSide Studios was produced and directed by the Silvermans, with Gabriel Silverman also handling cinematography for the duo’s second feature doc. Gernot Grassl (How to Build a Truth Engine) is the editor on the doc.
The film debuts at SXSW, which runs March 7-15, but its genesis goes back a while. The filmmakers came to docs from the world of journalism. In 2013, they were invited to be part of a cultural exchange. “After the [Berlin] Wall came down, it was an opportunity for German and U.S. journalists to learn more about each other’s countries,” Gabriel Silverman tells The Hollywood Reporter. “It was on that trip that we learned about the topic. We were with the chief of staff for the former West Berlin mayor, and she mentioned, casually, ‘I have this file about me that I haven’t opened yet, but I don’t know if I’m ever going to’. It was just this idea and interesting question of: If you had the opportunity to open a file and upend your life, would you do it?”
When they dug into the topic more, they got “fascinated by this idea that the Stasi were really spending billions of dollars, an enormous amount of human resources, to capture the same type of data that we give away today for convenience, without really understanding the long-term implications,” he shares. “We were thinking about the idea for a long time, and in 2019, we actually started the project in earnest.”
The two filmmakers ended up visiting museums and educational venues about Stasi history, such as the Berlin-Hohenschönhausen Memorial. “We learned about the tactics that the Stasi used, which were created by the Russians and perfected by the Germans, as they say,” recalls Jamie Coughlin Silverman. “And I was just like: ‘Man, I can’t believe that I don’t know anything about this.’ I can’t believe that I don’t have any insight as an American into what actually happened behind the Iron Curtain, what that meant for people’s lived experiences, how that has echoed through history to today and how those relationships and those mindsets affect global economies and policy.’ It has rippled through to what you now see across German society and Eastern [European] societies and beyond.”
Adds her partner: “In U.S. society, you learn that [Ronald] Reagan told [Mikhail] Gorbachev to tear down the Wall, and then David Hasselhoff sang on it. But the details beyond that are non-existent from an American education standpoint.”
Overall, the doc is not so much focused on telling a historical story but more on “telling a story today about a man’s investigation into this past and why this matters to us today,” she explains to THR. “Allowing surveillance to happen, participating in surveillance, taking data from others and what kind of power that creates in the world was just a fascinating topic for us in this time that we find ourselves in. Tech is fairly unrestrained in America, but is being a little bit more restrained in Europe, and you understand why” when exploring history.
She even learned German to be able to better approach people about the doc. “We started reaching out to Stasi officers, and it was clear that there was a skepticism for Stasi officers to engage with German press,” Gabriel Silverman tells THR. “Engelhardt, for example, really wanted to engage mostly directly with us. We had some interpreters in the early days, but it was clear that we needed to remove any type of barrier so we could have a smaller, scrappier, more intimate crew, so that there was another level of confidence. Scenes where Engelhart is giving us tours around Chemnitz or us in the basement of this museum were shot without interpreters, because Jamie deliberately wanted to have no barrier between her and them. Also, as an outsider, as a newcomer, she wanted them to explain things in the simplest terms and not fall back on some of the same arguments that they have been having for the last 35 years.”
For one scene showing Engelhardt returning to the Stasi headquarters and his office, the filmmakers needed special approval since former Stasi executives are usually not allowed there.
So how much does the film tie history to the present? “There are so many parallels to today,” Gabriel Silverman says. “But talking to former Stasi officers, that was oftentimes used for a deflection away from their own culpability. ‘You think that was bad. Well, what about today?’ We add a little bit of that into the film, because it’s an important context. But for us, it was most important that people can come to this without feeling judged today but seeing the problems caused when your neighbors turn on each other, when realities become fractured. A lot of that parallel to today is subtext for the entire film.”
That’s also one of the reasons why the filmmakers are excited to premiere The Spies Among Us at SXSW. “We feel this is a very good opportunity to have, where tech is present, those conversations around building surveillance systems that at their core have to have a moral idea or moral compass and thinking things through,” he argues. “We can not be assuming how this is going to turn out, because we don’t know, and we know from history that surveillance states can mutate and affect us for not just a few years but for generations afterwards.”
The psychological tools of suppression used by the Stasi live on, for example. “All of the tactics that they had back then are still being used now, and they’re not just being used in Russia,” explains Jamie Coughlin Silverman. “They’re being used across the world to impact the way people think, to impact the way they treat their neighbors, to impact and erode trust at the most basic level. We also saw this playbook rolled out in Syria. We just think it is such an important story to understand the way that people like this think. And showing that playbook in the film is one of the things that, to us, makes the story we are telling a very prescient, present-day story.”
Finding Peter as the protagonist who digs into his past and meets former Stasi people was key for the doc. Beyond the fact that he is fluent in English, he also brings the sensibility needed when dissecting a sensitive topic. “I immediately knew he was going to be the person,” she recalls. “He is a beautiful, eloquent speaker. He’s funny, he’s emotional and he’s just the most engaging person. We’ve become really close to him over the years.”
And Gabriel Silverman highlights: “One of the things that I give credit to all participants, both Peter and the Stasi officers, is the grace with which they approached the conversations. It wasn’t always easy, and it doesn’t always make people walk away feeling good, but at least there’s an attempt to bridge the divide, which is the thing that we need in all democratic societies, and trying to create a space of understanding.”
The filmmaking duo also took away lessons from the experience of making the doc. “One of the things I relearned was really trusting your subjects,” Gabriel Silverman shares. “Peter wasn’t an anti-regime organizer. He was just a regular guy who got caught up in the system, a normal guy whose family got swept up in the surveillance system. Peter is every man who carries with him the pain of that period and who hasn’t had a chance to talk about it.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Walt Disney Animation Studios Production Workers Ratify First Contract
DATE: March 6, 2025 3:30pm
URL: https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/business/business-news/walt-disney-animation-studios-production-union-contract-1236156826/
CONTENT:
Production workers at Walt Disney Animation Studios officially have a first union contract.
In a ratification vote that took ended on Wednesday, 93 percent of participating bargaining unit members voted to support a deal reached on Feb. 13, while 7 percent voted against. Ninety-six percent of union members turned out to vote on the agreement, which is a sideletter to The Animation Guild‘s preexisting contract with Walt Disney Animation Studios.
The agreement offers the unit’s production coordinators, production supervisors and production managers pension and health benefits and amplified minimum wage rates. The union claims that minimum rates have gone up 24 percent for production managers, 29 percent for production supervisors and 35 percent for production coordinators as a result of the negotiation.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Business
			



	
		
					British Columbia Actors Ratify New Deal With North American Producers		
			














	
	Business
			



	
		
					These Unionized Reality TV Workers Have Been Seeking a Contract For More Than a Decade
“It’s been an uphill journey, but at long last, we’ve reached the mountaintop. We are standing in our breakthrough — stronger, bolder, and united,” production coordinator Tamara Lee said in a statement.
Union organizer Allison Smartt called the contract “historic” and said it will have “positive impacts long into the future and throughout the animation industry” in a statement. In its press release, the union suggested that the provisions in the Disney agreement could have an impact on its ongoing first-contract negotiations with DreamWorks Animation for production workers.
The Hollywood Reporter has reached out to Walt Disney Animation Studios for comment.
Production workers at the studio began organizing in 2022, an effort that culminated in a vote at the National Labor Relations Board the following year. Roughly 93 percent of participating union members voted to join The Animation Guild, marking a decisive win for the union. Negotiations over a first contract began on April 11, 2024.
While The Animation Guild has aggressively organized production workers across the industry in the past few years, it has framed the Disney bargaining unit as its first union of feature film production workers. The Disney union drive was followed by one at DreamWorks Animation that went public in early 2024.
“In Hollywood, we love an underdog story. Our ratification was just that — the underrepresented and underpaid coming together and demanding better pay and equity with our artistic counterparts,” said production supervisor Nicholas Ellingsworth in a statement. “In the end, we were heard and seen, and we have a pathway to further improving the conditions in which production management works.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Whoopi Goldberg Has a New Name for HBO’s ‘The White Lotus’: “The Caucasian Lotus”
DATE: March 6, 2025 7:59pm
URL: https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/tv/tv-news/whoopi-goldberg-white-lotus-new-name-the-caucasian-lotus-1236157096/
CONTENT:
While Mike White‘s hit HBO show is known as The White Lotus, Whoopi Goldberg has another name for it.
While introducing a segment on a recent episode of The View, the EGOT winner said, “The White Lotus — or, The Caucasian Lotus, as I call it — is about ultra-rich people going to exotic locations. But, there’s a conversation from the latest episode that a lot of Americans can relate to these days.”
The conversation from episode three that Goldberg was referencing saw the trio of complicated friends who reunited for a girls’ trip in Thailand — played by Leslie Bibb (Kate), Carrie Coon (Laurie) and Michelle Monaghan (Jaclyn) — learn that one of them, Kate, voted for Donald Trump in the presidential election.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Patrick Schwarzenegger and Shanina Shaik Front Banana Republic's 'The White Lotus' Campaign		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					Walton Goggins Went to Hospital After Being Bit by Snake on 'White Lotus' Set
This got The View panel discussing the very real challenges of navigating friendships with opposite political views in today’s heated political climate.
While Alyssa Farah Griffin feels “if you know people to their core and know their values and why they decided [the way they did], you can respect them and co-exist with them supporting somebody you didn’t,” Joy Behar maintains that it’s bigger than just who you voted for.
“It’s not just about politics,” Behar said. “It’s about morality, ethics, it’s about cruelty, it’s about discrimination and it’s about a lot of things so those are personal human values.”
As Goldberg wrapped up the discussion, she noted that none of these issues are new as “the racists and the misogynists have always been here,” which is why it’s important for people to focus on things they can control in their personal lives.
“Maybe some of what’s happening, like they’re [the Trump administration] trying to take apart the Department of Education, maybe that is a good thing because maybe it’ll force us to make sure that our kids actually get what they need,” The Color Purple actress said. “This is now in our hands, and it’s going to be tough and nobody wants to do it because it’s a bitch, but you know what? If it comes down to your survival, this is what you’ve got to do.”
While the Trump vote scene is timely, Bibb previously told Entertainment Weekly that it was actually filmed before Trump announced he was running for reelection. “I feel like Mike had binoculars into the future because when we did it, it just didn’t feel [timely anymore],” she explained. “I was like, ‘We already did that. That was in the past.’ I don’t even think Trump was running when we did it — it was in January or February of last year or something, so yeah, that was pretty wild.”
As for Goldberg’s “The Caucasian Lotus” remark, the actress didn’t expand on what she meant by it. However, she could be referring to the fact that the majority of the vacationers in The White Lotus season three are white, while those playing the employees are mainly people of color or Thai, as the latest installment takes place in Thailand.
The decision to highlight inequality in season three isn’t new for creator Mike White as he also put a spotlight on the disconnect between the Native Hawaiian staff and the privileged white vacationers in season one. Natasha Rothwell, who reprised her season one role as Belinda for the new season, has also opened up about an intentional moment in episode one when her character sees a Black couple staying at the resort and exchanges knowing glances with them (Belinda was a White Lotus employee in season one, but is both a visitor and a trainee in season three).
“I pitched that to Mike, actually. I can’t stress how incredible Mike is in terms of collaboration,” Rothwell told Vanity Fair last month of the season three scene. “When I talked to him about being Black while traveling, I mentioned this story. I was traveling in Ireland, and I was at some castle at the top of some hill and it was misty, and there wasn’t a Black face in sight. And this Black family emerges from the mist and I lock eyes with them, and we started walking towards each other and hugged.”
She continued, “When you see Black people traveling, it lets you know you’re allowed to be in those spaces. In that moment when Belinda sees this very affluent Black couple walking in — never having gotten a check from the White Lotus as an employee — it allows her to fantasize and project herself onto that possibility, which I think is why I feel so passionate about Black travel and visibility. I was so glad when I saw that in the script.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Sean “Diddy” Combs Accused of Forced Labor in Superseding Indictment
DATE: March 6, 2025 4:06pm
URL: https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/music-news/sean-diddy-combs-accused-forced-labor-superseding-indictment-1236157032/
CONTENT:
In a bolstered version of an indictment, prosecutors accuse Sean “Diddy” Combs of obligating employees, one of whom he forced to have sex with him, to work long hours under the threat of physical, financial and reputational harm.
The indictment, issued on Thursday, doesn’t contain new charges or victims but instead expands upon allegations over the method of the alleged enterprise through which he assaulted and trafficked women with the help of his various businesses.
In a statement, Marc Agnifilo, a lawyer for Combs, denied the allegations. “He looks forward to his day in court when it will become clear that he has never forced anyone to engage in sexual acts against their will,” he said. “Many former employees stand by his side, prepared to attest to the dedication, hard work, and inspiration they experienced while helping build groundbreaking, award-winning businesses.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Mercury Records Taps Tyler Arnold as Chairman and CEO, Ben Adelson as President and COO		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Roy Ayers, Jazz-Funk Musician Behind 'Everybody Loves the Sunshine,' Dies at 84
The revised indictment represents an attempt by prosecutors to strengthen their case by detailing new accusations in the alleged racketeering conspiracy. It adds to another superseding indictment issued against Combs in January that specified that there were three victims that the rap mogul allegedly forced to engage in commercial sex acts. The charges involve claims that he arranged forced sexual encounters with women, allegedly manipulating them into participating in “highly orchestrated performances of sexual activity with male commercial sex workers,” who were often flown in across state lines and internationally.
According to the new indictment, Combs maintained control over workers at his various businesses. He “caused these employees to believe they would be harmed — including by losing their jobs — if they did not comply with his demands.”
The indictment adds, “With respect to one employee, Combs used physical force, psychological harm, financial harm, and reputational harm, and/or threats of the same to cause the employee to engage in sex acts” with him.
Combs will be arraigned on the new charges next week. He remains in custody at the federal Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn, with his trial scheduled to start May 5.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: 2025 Entertainment Preview Digital Issue
DATE: 
URL: https://ew.com/2025-entertainment-preview-digital-issue-8756887
CONTENT:
Victoria Stevens
New year, new queue.
I still have a ton on my list to watch before Andy Cohen and Anderson Cooper get tipsy on New Year's Eve. But we here at EW are already looking ahead to 2025, and all the movies, TV, and more we have to look forward to in the coming year. Over the next few weeks, we're gifting you dozens of first looks and exclusives — providing a look at everything from Marvel's star-studded Thunderbolts and Daredevil revival to the exciting new installments of The White Lotus and Jurassic World (Jonathan Bailey should be in everything).
And fronting our 2025 Preview digital issue is a new spinoff of an old EW favorite. In our latest cover story, the cast of NBC’s upcoming Suits LA debriefs us about suiting up for their new legal drama set in the same world as the beloved USA series that so many found on Netflix last year.
If you haven’t watched the original Suits, you have until Feb. 23 to catch up. It’s only 9 seasons. 134 episodes, an easy binge!
Patrick Gomez, Editor-in-Chief
Creator Aaron Korsh and "Suits LA" stars Stephen Amell, Josh McDermitt, Bryan Greenberg, and Lex Scott Davis tease new romance, office intrigue, and crossovers in the "Suits" universe.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Your guide to 2025's biggest music tours and festivals
DATE: By
 Emlyn Travis
 

Emlyn Travis
 
Emlyn Travis is a news writer at Entertainment Weekly with over five years of experience covering the latest in entertainment. A proud Kingston University alum, Emlyn has written about music, fandom, film, television, and awards for multiple outlets including MTV News, Teen Vogue, Bustle, BuzzFeed, Paper Magazine, Dazed, and NME. She joined EW in August 2022.



EW's editorial guidelines
URL: https://ew.com/2025-music-tours-festivals-8786025
CONTENT:
From Billie Eilish to The Weeknd, find out all you need to know about the most anticipated shows and festivals of the year.
Emlyn Travis is a news writer at Entertainment Weekly with over five years of experience covering the latest in entertainment. A proud Kingston University alum, Emlyn has written about music, fandom, film, television, and awards for multiple outlets including MTV News, Teen Vogue, Bustle, BuzzFeed, Paper Magazine, Dazed, and NME. She joined EW in August 2022.
Maya Dehlin Spach/FilmMagic; Gregory Shamus/Getty; Scott Legato/Getty
It’s time to take the show on the road — literally.
Now that 2025 is officially underway, with it comes a brand new wave of rock bands, pop stars, rappers, and more fellow artists venturing forth on the festival circuit and their own respective tours. And — to quote the SNL’s very own Stefon — this year truly has everything: AC/DC rocking across North America on their Power Up tour, Super Bowl halftime performer Kendrick Lamar and Sza teaming up for a series of summer concerts, and recent Grammy winner Sabrina Carpenter’s continuation of her Short n' Sweet tour.
Find out how you can catch all of the concerts and music festivals hitting North America in 2025 below — and be sure to check back, because we’ll be updating our lineup throughout the year.
John Shearer/Getty
Ed SheeranTour: +–=÷× (Mathematics) Tour Dates: Feb. 5 - Sept. 7
Slow JoyTour: Slow Joy 2025 TourDates: Feb. 5 - Mar. 23
Mary J. BligeTour: For My Fans Tour Dates: Feb. 6 - Apr. 19Supporting: Ne-Yo, Mario
Billy JoelTour: 2025 Tour Dates: Feb. 8 - Sept. 20
Tyler, the CreatorTour: Chromakopia: The World Tour Dates: Feb. 8 - July 28Supporting: Lil Yachty, Paris Texas
Gracie AbramsTour: The Secret of Us Tour Dates: Feb. 8 - Aug. 27
ShakiraTour: Las Mujeres Ya No Lloran World TourDates: Feb. 11 - Jun. 30
Jack WhiteTour: No Name Tour 2025Dates: Feb. 11 - May 24
Justin TimberlakeTour: The Forget Tomorrow World TourDates: Feb. 14 - 27
Billie EilishTour: Hit Me Hard and Soft: The TourDates: Feb. 18 - July 27
Blake SheltonTour: Friends & Heroes TourDates: Feb. 27 - July 12Supporting: Craig Morgan, Deana Carter, Trace Adkins
WaxahatcheeTour: 2025 Headlining TourDates: Feb. 21 - Sept. 19
Elvis CostelloTour: 2025 TourDates: Feb. 24 - July 12
DisturbedTour: Disturbed: The Sickness 25th Anniversary TourDates: Feb. 25 - Oct. 28Supporting: Three Days Grace, Sevendust, Megadeth, Daughtry, Nothing More
Christopher Polk/Rolling Stone via Getty
Sabrina CarpenterTour:  Short n’ Sweet TourDates: Mar. 3 - Nov. 23
GloRillaTour: The Glorious TourDates: Mar. 5 - April 18Supporting: Real Boston Richey, Queen Key
KRAFTWERKTour: MULTIMEDIA CONCERTSDates: Mar. 6 - April 24
LCD SoundsystemTour: 2025 North American TourDates: Mar. 6 - May 4Supporting: Gustaf, Nation of Language
Kane BrownTour: The High Road Tour Dates: Mar. 13 - Oct. 10Supporting: Scotty McCreery, Mitchell Tenpenny, Ashley Cooke, Dasha
Fana HuesTour: Matters of the Heart TourDates: Mar. 14 - Apr. 8Supporting: Pamé
Dua LipaTour: Radical Optimism TourDates: Mar. 17 - Oct. 16
TindersticksTour: North American Tour 2025Dates: Mar. 27 - Apr. 10
Peter FramptonTour: Let's Do It Again! TourDates: Mar. 30 - June 29
Festival: CRSSD FestivalCity: San Diego, Calif.Dates: Mar. 1- 2Headliners: FISHER, Justice, Chris Lorenzo, Claptone, Folamour
Festival: M3F FestCity: Phoenix, Az.Dates: Mar. 7 - 8Headliners: LCD Soundsystem, Justice, Sylvan Esso, Alvvays
Ethan Miller/Getty
DjoTour: Djo: Back on You World Tour 2025Dates: Apr. 4 - May 7Supporting: Post Animal
Trixie MattelTour: Solid Pink Disco: Blonde EditionDates: Apr. 5 - Jun. 3Supporting: DJ Mateo Segade, special guests including A-Trak, Daya, Kaleena Zanders, Never Dull, Rebecca Black, Shea Couleé, Snow Wife, VINCINT, Zolita
ColdplayTour: Music of the Spheres World TourDates: Apr. 8 - Sept. 8Supporting: Willow, Elyanna, Ayra Starr
AC/DCTour: 2025 Power Up North American TourDates: Apr. 10 - May 28Supporting: The Pretty Reckless
Pat Benatar & Neil GiraldoTour: 2025 North American TourDates: Apr. 11 - Jun. 1Supporting: The Vindys
Japanese BreakfastTour: The Melancholy TourDates: Apr. 12 - Sept. 9Supporting: Ginger Root
PhishTour: West Coast Tour 2025Dates: Apr. 18 - July 27
Kendrick Lamar & SzaTour: Grand National Tour Dates: Apr. 19 - June 18
MetallicaTour: M72 World TourDates: Apr. 19 - Jun. 29Supporting: Limp Bizkit, Pantera, Ice Nine Kills, Suicidal Tendencies
Magadalena BayTour: Imaginal Mystery TourDates: Apr. 21 - Oct. 26Supporting: Sam Austins
Charli XCXTour: Brat 2025 Arena Tour Dates: Apr. 22 - May 4
Julien Baker & TorresTour: Send a Prayer My Way TourDates: Apr. 23 - May 12
System of a DownTour: Spring 2025 TourDates: Apr. 24 - Sept. 5
ShinedownTour: Dance, Kid, Dance TourDates: Apr. 25 - Aug. 30Supporting: Beartooth, BUSH, Morgan Wade
Five For FightingTour: 2025 String Quartet TourDates: Apr. 25 - May 20
ExodusTour: Swarm Of Horror TourDates: Apr. 27 - May 17Supporting: Deicide
Post MaloneTour: Big Ass Stadium TourDates: Apr. 29 - July 1Supporting: Jelly Roll, Sierra Ferrell
Billy IdolTour: It's a Nice Day to... Tour Again! TourDates: Apr. 30 - Sept. 25Supporting: Joan Jett & the Blackhearts
Katy PerryTour: The Lifetimes TourDates: April 23 - Nov. 7
Festival: CoachellaCity: Indio, Calif.Dates: Apr. 11-13; 18 -20Headliners: Green Day, Lady Gaga, Post Malone
Lenny KravitzTour: Blue Electric Light TourDates: May 2 - Sept. 26
Keith UrbanTour: High and Alive World Tour Dates: May 3 - Oct. 17Supporting: Chase Matthew, Alana Springsteen, Karley Scott Collins
Rilo KileyTour: Sometimes When You're on, You're Really F---ing on TourDates: May 5 - Sept. 26Supporting: Julien Baker & Torres
Peter Bjorn and JohnTour: Writers Block Album Tour 2025Dates: May 9 - 23
The WeekndTour: After Hours Til Dawn 2025 Tour Dates: May 9 - Sept. 3Supporting: Playboi Carti and Mike Dean
Vampire WeekendTour: Only God Was Above Us Tour Part 2Dates: May 10 - Sept. 27Supporting: Geese, Turnstiles
TennisTour: Face Down In The Garden Tour 2025Dates: May 16 - Sept. 4Supporting: Husbands, Billie Marten, Alice Phoebe LouSimple MindsTour: Alive & Kicking Tour 2025Dates: May 16 - Jun. 22Supporting: Soft Cell, Modern English
Eric ClaptonTour: 2025 TourDates: May 18 - Sept. 20Supporting: The Wallflowers
HozierTour: Unreal Unearth TourDates: May 21 - Oct. 7
Brad PaisleyTour: 2025 Truck Still Works World TourDates: May 21 - Aug. 8
Festival: Sand In My BootsCity: Gulf Shores, Ala.Dates: May 16 - 18Headliners: Morgan Wallen, Post Malone, Brooks & DunnFestival: Lightning in a BottleCity: Buena Vista Lake, Calif.Dates: May 21 - 25Headliners: John Summit, Khruangbin, Jamie xx,
Timothy Norris / Kia Forum Photos
Wu-Tang ClanTour: Wu-Tang Forever: The Final ChamberDates: Jun. 6 - July 18Supporting: Run the Jewels
Earth, Wind & FireTour: 2025 North American Summer TourDates: Jun. 14 - Aug. 10
IncubusTour: Morning View + The Hits TourDates: Jun. 25 - Oct. 4Supporting: Manchester Orchestra
Neil Young and the Chrome HeartsTour: 2025 'Love Earth' World TourDates: Jun. 18 - Sept. 15
Festival: Governor's BallCity: New York CityDates: Jun. 6 - 8Headliners: Tyler, the Creator, Olivia Rodrigo, Benson Boone, Hozier
Festival: BonnarooCity: Manchester, Tenn.Dates: Jun. 12 - 15Headliners: Luke Combs, Tyler, the Creator, Olivia Rodrigo, Hozier
Festival: Warped TourCity: Washington, D.C.; Long Beach, Calif.; Orlando, Fla.Dates: Jun. 14 - 15 (D.C.), July 26 - 27 (Long Beach); Nov. 15 - 16 (Orlando)Headliners: All Time Low, The Maine, 3OH!3, We the Kings
Festival: SummerfestCity: Milwaukee, Wis.Dates: Jun. 19 - 21, 26 - 28, July 3 - 5Headliners: The Lumineers, Hozier, the Killers, Megan Thee Stallion, Lainey Wilson, Benson Boone, Def Leppard, James Taylor
Festival: Electric ForestCity: Rothbury, Mich.Dates: Jun. 19 - 22Headliners: Justice, Liquid Stranger, Sara Landry, Tiësto, Louis The Child
Festival: GlastonburyCity: Glastonbury, U.K.Dates: Jun. 25 - 29Headliners: The 1975, Neil Young, Olivia Rodrigo
Taylor Hill/Getty
The Red Clay StraysTour: Get Right 2025 TourDates: July 3 - Oct. 4
The LumineersTour: The Automatic World Tour 2025 North AmericaDates: July 3 - Oct. 14
OasisTour: Oasis Live '25Dates: July 4 - Nov. 23
Shania TwainTour: Summer 2025 TourDates: July 5 - Aug. 1
Big Time RushTour:  Big Time Rush In Real Life WorldwideDates: July 9 - Dec. 14
The OffspringTour: SUPERCHARGED Worldwide in ’25 TourDates: July 11 - Sept. 7Supporting: New Found Glory, Jimmy Eat World
My Chemical RomanceTour: "Long Live: The Black Parade 2025 North American Stadium TourDates: July 11 - Sept. 13Supporting: Garbage, the Pixies, Wallows, Death Cab for Cutie, Alice Cooper, Devo, and more
BlackpinkTour: Blackpink 2025 World TourDates: July 12 - 27
PanteraTour: 2025 Summer TourDates: July 15 - Sept. 13Supporting: Amon Amarth
BeckTour: 2025 Tour DatesDates: July 15 - 29Supporting: Molly Lewis
Festival: Zootown Festival 2025City: Missoula, Mont.Dates: July 4 - 5Headliners: Kacey Musgraves, Hozier, Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit, Mt. Joy
Festival: Minnesota Yacht ClubCity: St. Paul, Minn.Dates: July 18 - 20Headliners: Hozier, Fall Out Boy, Alabama Shakes, Green Day, Weezer, Sublime
Festival: Under the Big SkyCity: Whitefish, Mont.Dates: July 18 - 20Headliners: Tyler Childers, Mumford & Sons, The Red Clay Strays, Wynonna Judd
Festival: Project PabstCity: Portland, Ore.Dates: July 26 -27Headliners: Iggy Pop, Devo, Death Cab for Cutie, Japanese Breakfast
Kevin Winter/Getty
Death Cab for CutieTour: Plans 20th Anniversary TourDates: Aug. 2 - Aug. 10Supporting: Nation of Language, The American Analog Set
My Morning JacketTour: My Morning Jacket “is” On TourDates: Aug. 5 - Nov. 1
Festival: LollapaloozaCity: Chicago, Ill.Dates: Aug. 1 - 4Headliners: Megan Thee Stallion, Hozier, Stray Kids, Sza, Future X Metro Boomin
Festival: Elements Music & Arts FestivalCity: Long Pond, Penn.Dates: Aug. 8 - 10Headliners: Deadmau5, Illenium, Mau P, Rezz, Sara Landry, Sofi Tukker (DJ Set)
Festival: Reading & LeedsCity: Reading, U.K., and Leeds, U.K.Dates: Aug. 21 - 24Headliners: Chappell Roan, Hozier, Travis Scott, Bring Me the Horizon, Limp Bizkit
Rick Kern/Getty
SupergrassTour: I Should Coco 30th Anniversary TourDates: Sept. 2 - 12
Bring Me the HorizonTour: USA Ascension Program+ Part 01Dates: Sept. 21 - Oct. 5
The Beta BandTour: 2025 Reunion TourDates: Sept. 25 - Nov. 1
Festival: Bourbon & Beyond 2025City: Louisville, Ky.Dates: Sept. 11 - 14Headliners: Noah Kahan, Phish, The Lumineers, Jack White, and Sturgill Simpson
Festival: Sing Out LoudCity: St. Augustine, Fla.Dates: Sept. 20 - 21Headliners: Hozier, Beabadoobee
Joseph Okpako/WireImage
KneecapTour: North American Tour 2025Dates: Oct. 3 - Oct. 28
Festival: Austin City LimitsCity: Austin, TexasDates: Oct. 3-5, 10-12Headliners: Chris Stapleton, Blink-182, Dua Lipa, Reneé Rapp, Chappell Roan
Festival: When We Were Young City: Las Vegas, Nev.Dates: Oct. 18Headliners: Panic at the Disco, Blink-182, The Used, Simple Plan, Taking Back Sunday
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

