TITLE: Attention Vintage Heads: The Vogue Vintage Market Is Coming!
DATE: Fashion
URL: https://vogue.com/article/vogue-vintage-market-announcement
CONTENT:
Mark your calendars, and ready your credit cards! On March 29 in New York City, Vogue and Gigi Hadid will host a one-day-only shopping extravaganza: the Vogue Vintage Market. Imagine the ultimate fashion stoop sale, packed with hundreds of editorial-worthy vintage and archival pieces donated by Vogue friends and contributors, as well as items sourced from eBay. The event is open to the public with RSVP and donation in the Vogue app, and 100% of proceeds will support those impacted by the recent Los Angeles fires.
To fill the market with vintage treasure, we called upon some of the industry’s best dressed—Anok Yai, Emma Chamberlain, Hamish Bowles, Julia Sarr-Jamois, Kaia Gerber, Paloma Elsesser, Tabitha Simmons, Tonne Goodman, and Gigi Hadid—to sleuth through eBay and curate their must-haves.
Plus, we spun the Vogue Rolodex and asked cover girls, street style stars, and top design houses (Louis Vuitton! Khaite! Coach! Tory Burch!) to donate pieces from their very own wardrobes and collections. This is your chance to get your hands on style history, from graphic tees straight from Cindy Crawford’s closet (talk about provenance) to the Prada dress that inspired Lauren Santo Domingo to launch runway trunk shows on Moda Operandi to a Self-Portrait dress immortalized in one of Anna Weyant’s paintings. Plus, you’ll find pieces from the closets of Martha Stewart, Karlie Kloss, Alex Consani, Vittoria Ceretti, and many more.
If you can’t make it to New York to shop the sale located at SoHo’s Roll & Hill showroom, you can still partake. An online Vogue Vintage Market curation, teeming with handpicked gems unearthed on eBay, will also be launched on Vogue.com. And if you happen to be in London, British Vogue is hosting its very own sale.
Shop the Vogue Vintage Market to own a piece of fashion history while making a meaningful impact—because the only thing more timeless than vintage is a piece with a story worth telling.
A one-day sale filled with items donated by top designers, models, fashion houses, and more, plus a corresponding online Vogue Shopping edit curated by friends of Vogue
Saturday, March 29, from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. at Roll & Hill, located at 3 Mercer Street, New York, NY, 10013
If you are interested in exclusive early access to the Vogue Vintage Market, please email vogue_events@vogue.com to inquire.
Anyone and everyone is welcome! The Vogue Vintage Market is open to the public. Registration and a $25 donation are required via the Vogue app. RSVP now!
All the proceeds from the sale will go to the Entertainment Community Fund, supporting people impacted by the LA fires.
The Vogue Vintage Market is made possible thanks to eBay.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: The Making of Sarah Burton’s Givenchy
DATE: Runway
URL: https://vogue.com/article/the-making-of-sarah-burtons-givenchy
CONTENT:
It’s late January, a full month and then some before Sarah Burton’s fall 2025 Givenchy debut, and an entire wall of trial looks is arranged with meticulous precision at the house’s Avenue Georges V atelier, in the order that they may walk down the runway in March during Paris Fashion Week. Burton was appointed in September, but she has more than just the last six months of prep time on her side. She hails from Alexander McQueen, where she started as Lee’s assistant—during her former boss’s own Givenchy tenure circa 1997 she was charged with bringing show pieces back and forth from London to Paris—and eventually stepped into his shoes. By the end of her 26-year tenure there in 2023 she was so beloved, so respected, her exit precipitated an industry-wide outcry, lamenting the lack of women creative directors at the top houses.
Now, all of a sudden, experience very much matters in designer hires. Burton’s fellow 50-somethings Alessandro Michele and Peter Copping have been installed at Valentino and Lanvin, reversing trends that saw disruptor designers and number twos get the plum jobs in the last couple rounds of musical chairs, and Haider Ackermann, another Gen X designer, made his own debut at Tom Ford yesterday, two days before Burton’s Givenchy unveiling.
To Burton, Givenchy is the plummest of assignments. “For me, there’s always a juxtaposition to what I do: you have the dress and the tailoring, and I love that this house has both of those things in its DNA. It felt like it was a great place to be.” Though that may be true, she’s arrived at a moment when that house DNA has become a bit muddled, following the tenures of Matthew M. Williams and Clare Waight Keller. You could describe Givenchy’s last six years as a long period of soul searching, with only limited clarity.
Hubert de Givenchy’s first show in 1952 was held in a hôtel particulier on rue Alfred de Vigny, christened by a journalist at the time “the Cathédrale,”
And so Burton has opted to go back to the beginning—to Hubert de Givenchy’s first show in 1952. Studying black-and-white photographs of his debut, which was held in a hôtel particulier on rue Alfred de Vigny, christened by a journalist at the time “the Cathédrale,” she was struck by Givenchy’s youth—he was just 25—and by the obvious camaraderie between the couturier and his models, among them Bettina Graziani, who also worked in his press office. “But what really amazed me,” Burton says, “was how graphic the collection was; it’s very stripped back, not fussy. For me, Givenchy—it is silhouette.”
Quite serendipitously, during a renovation of that hôtel particulier, a stash of trash bags containing archival patterns from Givenchy’s first collection were discovered inside a wall—“like a gift,” Burton says. She has one of them on display in her light-strewn office; it sits on a table opposite a large window that frames the Eiffel Tower, the kind of view that Parisians take for granted, but can stop a visitor in her tracks. But there’s no one-to-one correspondence between the treasure trove of old patterns and what you’ll see on the runway tomorrow. “I haven’t used them and made them again; I think you have to go back, but you also have to go forward. But I love the idea that they exist; they’re kind of a magical thing,” Burton says.
A preview of the new collection.
The dresses seem made to defy gravity, strapless puff balls of tulle and chopped-off “super, super-mini” dresses, without any ornamentation.
The patterns, which are now in the process of being restored, confirmed for her that, despite his famous association with Audrey Hepburn and Breakfast at Tiffany’s, Givenchy didn’t begin with ruffles and bows and lace. “It started quite clean, quite pure and, not back-to-basics, but it’s obviously post-war,” says Burton. “There’s a kind of simplicity.”
Where Givenchy had Hepburn, Burton has Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara and her longtime stylist Camilla Nickerson, who wears her McQueen pantsuits like a kind of uniform. Cut—finding the shoulder, the waist, the pant shape that will define her Givenchy, down to the seams—has been Burton’s top priority since her arrival. During her time off between jobs she rented a small studio in London where she sketched, sewed, and got back to “understanding why you did it all at the beginning.” Here at Givenchy, she began by sketching before moving into the atelier to drape with the team.
“A lot of the time people say, ‘okay, what’s it going to look like in a picture?’ And I say, ‘what’s it going to look like on a woman, and how do they feel in it?’”
A black double-breasted tuxedo jacket looks soft and strong at once—it’s a little like Burton’s own personality—with big, rounded shoulders, a pronounced hourglass waist, and sleeve seams that twist around the arm. “I cut the sleeve on a curve, and then pressed it so you have this very feminine shape, I call it a couture seam,” she says, pointing out that the jackets are tailored by women’s pattern makers but made with menswear construction. “I like the idea of both working hand-in-hand, because men’s construction is quite different from women’s construction in tailoring—the way that you press the garment and canvas it.”
She’s designed some of the jackets inside-out, with exposed seams and hems that have been left raw and frayed, but because of the canvas they have a substance, a chic gravitas. “A lot of the time people say, ‘okay, what’s it going to look like in a picture?’ And I say, ‘what’s it going to look like on a woman, and how do they feel in it?’ How do you get the proportion right, so that it looks graphic enough, but it doesn’t overpower the woman? That it feels like there’s a human being in it.”
The dresses, in contrast, seem made to defy gravity, strapless puff balls of tulle and chopped-off “super, super-mini” dresses, without any ornamentation. Pointing to a little black number, Burton says, “it is a little black dress,” the iconic Givenchy item, but maybe the better way to describe it is “the skeleton of one, before it became a little black dress.” The custom-made white lace corseted gown Elle Fanning wore to the Oscars—a preview of Burton’s haute couture, which isn’t likely to appear on a runway until 2026, she says—is far more structured and formal, as the red carpet demands, though her A Complete Unknown cast mate Timothée Chalamet was also in Givenchy, an acidy yellow cropped leather jacket and matching trousers with a silk shirt, that was one of the more relaxed men’s looks of the night.
Burton earns her reputation as a hands-on designer all over again at Givenchy. “I think I’m a bit of a train spotter when it comes to all that kind of stuff,” she admits.
On this January studio visit, and again at a preview four days before the show, Burton earns her reputation as a hands-on designer all over again, examining one of those super-minis, for example, and asking, “is the godet in the right place or does it need to be more circular?” “What type of tulle have we put in there, could it be lighter?” “Do we put pockets in it to give it a different attitude?” “I think I’m a bit of a train spotter when it comes to all that kind of stuff,” she admits.
Showing off piece after perfect-looking piece she reiterates the caveat, “it’s still a work in progress.” It’s her practice to do at least three fittings per garment. “That’s 150 fittings between now and Friday,” she says, betraying none of the anxiety a figure like that might instill in another person. “This is the fun part,” she says, pinning a swatch of embroidery that looks “aged or slightly destroyed” like it too came out of those trash bags hidden in the wall, to the effusive bow at the neck of a black silk dress. “McQueen was so small, you had to make the patterns yourself. I remember him putting an invisible zip into a bias-cut Prince of Wales skirt. Lee was amazing on the sewing machine, but we only had one meter, so you couldn’t make a mistake.” Of course he didn’t. “That’s how I learned to sort of sew and pattern cut on the job.”
Is there a freedom in reinterpreting Hubert de Givenchy, a designer who retired in 1995, one that few in the industry remember personally? Compared to McQueen, who so many people still hold personally dear? “There’s a pressure to the first show, but you have that everywhere, wherever you go,” says Burton. “I know what I love doing, what I’m good at doing. I learned that with Lee, and then carried on. You have to tell your own stories.”
It’s Burton’s practice to do at least three fittings per garment. “That’s 150 fittings between now and Friday,” she said several days before the show, betraying none of the anxiety a figure like that might instill in another person. “This is the fun part.”
When asked the women designer question—why aren’t there more of them in positions of leadership?—Burton gets personal. “My father grew up during the war; his father was away for six years and he was brought up by women, both grandmothers and his mum, so he always believed women ruled the world. I’m from a very kind of matriarchal background. So I never, ever, ever thought it was a problem. I just presumed that I would be able to have the same opportunity. And I have three daughters. I think it’s important to say that women can do anything. And I really believe that.”
The last Givenchy ready-to-wear show from Williams was held under a tent on the sweeping grounds of Paris’s L’École Militaire. Burton’s will take place in the house’s Avenue Georges V headquarters with a guest list of just 300, and a sense of intimacy evocative of those 1952 black-and-white pictures. Describing the distance between the front row and the models, Burton says the idea is, “how close can we get without being caught on a handbag?”
She is a designer who thinks and works on a human scale—from the staging of the show down to the elasticated waist she’s added to the back of trousers. “Maybe I’m too sensitive sometimes, but when I’m dressing somebody, I want them to feel good. I love the women that I dress and I love talking to the people who buy the clothes and the people who wear the clothes. I think it’s an amazing gift. I go back to the Instagram picture—it’s great, but it’s not just that. You want people to be living, breathing, wearing it.”
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Nick Jonas and Adrienne Warren Are Ready to Break Your Heart in The Last Five Years
DATE: March 6, 2025
URL: https://vogue.com/article/nick-jonas-adrienne-warren-the-last-five-years-april-2025
CONTENT:
When, in 2013, The New York Times sounded a call for stories from fans of The Last Five Years—​a show with music, lyrics, and a book by Jason Robert Brown—​the responses were many and deep. The fleet musical had recently been revived off-​Broadway and its devotees wrote of the way its story—​about the painful dissolution of a marriage between two artists—​had helped them parse their own relationships. Others reflected on some of the regional productions that followed its 2001 world premiere in Skokie, Illinois, starring Norbert Butz and Lauren Kennedy, and directed by Daisy Prince. (A movie adaptation with Anna Kendrick and Jeremy Jordan would expand the fan base in 2014.)
Never mind that critics had never gone mad for the show. (“Novelist and an Actress Sharing a Leaky Boat,” read the headline for Ben Brantley’s tepid review in 2002, when The Last Five Years opened in New York.) Brown’s score—spanning pop, Latin, klezmer, and more musical vernaculars—remained, as one admirer put it, “an actor’s dream, a pianist’s dream/nightmare, and a director’s heaven.”
The narrative structure nods a little to Betrayal, a little to Merrily We Roll Along: While one character goes through his side of things in chronological order, ending where the marriage does, his partner’s storyline moves backward, concluding with their first date. (The device doubles as metaphor: As Brown has summarized it, The Last Five Years is about “two people who, really, except for one moment, are simply never in the same place. They just cannot connect.”) Despite sharing the stage throughout, it is only during their wedding, in the middle of the show, that the couple interact.
Now, a good 25 years after it was written, The Last Five Years is getting its maiden run on Broadway, with Adrienne Warren playing Cathy, the promising young musical theater actress floundering in summer stock, and Nick Jonas as Jamie, the driven young writer hurtling toward literary stardom. Whitney White (Jaja’s African Hair Braiding) directs.
For Brown, the Tony-winning composer behind Parade, 13, and The Bridges of Madison County, it’s a bit surreal, seeing a show “that was sort of designed to be done in my living room” gussied up for its Broadway debut this spring. “I deliberately wrote a piece that was going to be very small and very intimate,” he says. Yet he feels that the coming staging has “managed to find the exact right balance, in terms of the building that it’s going to be in”—​the jewel-box-like Hudson Theatre—“and the people who are starring in it and what it means to them.”
I’VE GOT YOU, BABE
Warren wears a Diotima dress. Jonas in a Brioni suit.
Indeed, Warren, Jonas, and White could all be counted among The Last Five Years’ most ardent fans—people for whom Brown’s portrait of love, loss, and the vagaries of creative ambition has long resonated. But nestled right alongside their reverence for the material is a desire to make it their own—something that Brown, who has not only directed the show before, but also performed its songs in concert “on and off for 20 years now,” accepts completely. “Whitney was prepared to just bring herself to the work and bring her particular perspective,” he says. “Often, when you do revivals of musicals, the idea is to sort of get the old hand to do it, and that was what I really didn’t want.” After 24 years’ worth of productions, he thought, the show “needs some challenging.”
A Chicago native, White was there when The Last Five Years first ran in Skokie. (“I have the most amazing single mom,” she tells me, “and she really tried to expose me to everything.”) Her own way into it, she hints, will hinge on a powerful sense of place—using Italo Calvino’s postmodern novel Invisible Cities, from 1972, as a point of reference—as well as a strong sense of movement. (Rick and Jeff Kuperman, whose muscular choreography for The Outsiders earned them a Tony nomination last year, are on The Last Five Years’ creative team.)
“These characters are embarking on an unforgettable part of their lives in New York,” White says. “There’s not a single place where I’ve had my heart broken more, where I’ve fallen in love more, where I’ve achieved my dreams, but also had dreams crushed.” It felt important to her to draw the show’s churning backdrop forward. “New York is the third character in this story,” she goes on. “Not all past productions have truly, fully embraced that.”
When it came to finding her stars, moreover, she “wanted to cast people that spoke to the world I live in now,” White says. “And I wanted to cast actors who could bring power to the music.”
A Tony winner in 2021 for her exuberant lead performance in Tina: The Tina Turner Musical, Warren, 37, was not really looking for another theater job when The Last Five Years came her way. Her long tenure as Tina—first in London, where the show opened in 2018, and then on both sides of Broadway’s 18-month COVID-19 shutdown—plus shooting The Woman King, Gina Prince-Bythewood’s 2022 action epic starring Viola Davis—had taken their toll, mentally and physically. “It’s funny, I went and told my doctors and my trainers, ‘I love you all, but I have to stop working out for a few years. Like, I am exhausted,’ ” she says. “It took me a while to figure out what would be the thing that would bring me back.”
Besides, although she’d heard whispers “about a Jonas brother doing The Last Five Years,” it hadn’t occurred to Warren that she would even be on the table. Growing up in Virginia, and then studying theater at Marymount Manhattan College in New York, she had fallen in love with the piece “like everybody else.” Jamie and Cathy seemed so real, groping at what they wanted for themselves and from each other in song after aching song. But “Cathy was never given to me to sing,” Warren says. “I just don’t think that that made sense to a lot of my teachers.” (Though Cathy’s race is not explicitly identified, Jamie’s opening number does refer to her as a “shiksa goddess.”) So she was a little gobsmacked when White, for whom Warren was busy producing a project, asked her about Brown’s show last year. Cut, not long after that, to Warren singing the score for the very first time with Brown himself.
LOVE AND RISK
“I always want to put myself in the deep water,” says Jonas. Officine Générale sweater. Omega watch.
A connection to innocence, to a certain softness, is vitally important for Cathy, whose career is not progressing quite as smoothly as Jamie’s. (In the brilliant “Climbing Uphill,” we hear her frantic stream of consciousness during yet another miserable audition: “Why am I working so hard? / These are the people who cast Linda Blair in a musical / Jesus Christ, I suck, I suck, I suck, I suck!”) As big a star as she was, Warren—whose girlish mien conceals a strikingly versatile voice—still had that quality.
“She sang ‘Still Hurting’ and she sang ‘I Can Do Better Than That,’ and in both of those cases, all of the sort of armor that you associate with Adrienne’s now iconic performances fell away,” Brown says.
For her part, White had wanted Warren from the start. Beyond deeming her simply “one of the best that we have,” as a Black woman herself, White was compelled by the idea of “a Black woman in that role, exploring a character who is in a relationship when she’s not her fullest self yet.”
Working with Jonas, one third of the beloved pop-rock outfit the Jonas Brothers, presented other exciting opportunities—especially sonically. Seeing Jonas perform live (he and his brothers wrapped a 14-month world tour last October), White was “taken aback” by his command of the stage and his own vocal instrument. “His voice makes you feel so much in this material,” she says. Of course, Jonas, who is now 32—the dark curls of his youth long since tidied into a grown-up crop—has also been on Broadway before: In 2012 he played the wily J. Pierrepont Finch in the 50th-anniversary revival of How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying, following Daniel Radcliffe and Darren Criss; and before that, as a child, he appeared in productions of Les Misérables (as Gavroche), Beauty and the Beast (as Chip the teacup), and Annie Get Your Gun (as Little Jake).
What he hasn’t done until now, however, is originate a Broadway role. How is that feeling to him, in the weeks before rehearsals begin? “I think the thing I’m taking away from it is just how wonderful it is to be having firsts still,” he says. “I’m coming at this story as a fan, as well as someone who wants to give a really original and hopefully dynamic performance. So I’m trying to be balanced and enjoy the ride as much as possible without stressing.” (Relatedly, he’s excited just to be around theater people again, and get in on things like the Broadway Show Bowling League.)
RANGE LIFE
Warren was last seen on Broadway as Tina Turner. Proenza Schouler dress
The Last Five Years is sure to put both actors through their paces—not in a Tina way, per se, with spangled costumes and fight choreography, but by forcing each of them to show up at the Hudson more or less as themselves. That will take some doing: “I’ve been in vocal lessons again every week, just getting back to my voice,” Warren tells me. “My musical director, Michael Mitchell, has been really instrumental in helping me get back to my own ear, and not just thinking, What would Tina hear?” (When we speak, she is in the midst of her own concert tour, with shows at Café Carlyle set for that very week, and her set, tellingly, skews more toward jazz—Ella Fitzgerald, Lena Horne, Anita Baker—than rock and roll.)
Jonas’s version of this work is no less technical, involving, for one thing, transitioning his voice from stadium mode to something better suited to a house that seats under 1,000. Yet with all the life that he’s lived since How to Succeed in Business—touring; making movies; starting a family with his wife, the actor Priyanka Chopra Jonas—he also just has more to draw from as an actor now. “I’ve got obviously a way better understanding of the peaks and the valleys that Jamie experiences in the show,” he says. “I feel like I’m at the right place to be able to really tap into that.”
Is he also mildly terrified? Oh, sure. “I’ve felt waves of anxiety throughout this whole process,” Jonas readily admits. But he knows better than to be cowed by self-doubt. “I have to keep reminding myself that I always want to put myself in the deep water. This comes at a time in my life where I really needed to feel that feeling of being nervous, because it keeps you sharp,” he says. “I don’t want to be complacent.”
It’s a help that he has, in Warren, such an eminently capable partner. Before meeting her for the first time, Jonas watched Warren’s tearful Tony acceptance speech with Chopra Jonas and his mother-in-law. “I could tell even from that that she seemed like a good person and she had a good heart,” he says—a sense that only deepened when they later connected over Zoom. “We both expressed our excitement, but also the need for us to lock in and be each other’s teammates in this,” Jonas remembers. “It’s going to be a bit of a wild ride, and also very isolating if you don’t have that support system.”
“I’m very blessed—not just because I get to do a show with Nick Jonas,” Warren says. “He checks in with me on every decision that we have to make together, and he’s just been a joy to get to know.”
They’re all gentleness and gratitude now, as they shoot teasers for social media and pose for photo shoots (ours, namely). But Brown is champing at the bit for what’s to come.
“Those people are both strong enough to be combustible together,” he says. “That’s when things get really exciting.”
In this story: hair, Edward Lampley; makeup, Michaela Bosch; grooming, Kumi Craig; tailor, Jacqui Bennett at Carol Ai Studio Tailors. Produced by Kitten Production.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Gigi Hadid’s Pre-Show Model Style Is Grease Lightning
DATE: Celebrity Style
URL: https://vogue.com/article/gigi-hadid-pre-show-model-style-paris
CONTENT:
Off-duty model style really runs the gamut: Amelia Gray opts for wardrobe staples paired with individual, outré pieces, while Bella Hadid mines the archives and always keeps an air of yeehaw wherever she goes. For Gigi Hadid’s latest outing, it’s a throwback to the slick ’50s.
Hadid arrived at the Le Musée d’Art Moderne in Paris for the Schiaparelli Fall 2025 show, dressed in a black waxed leather bomber jacket, black straight leg jeans, and loafers. She wore her hair in a low-key, slick backed bun—a departure from her silver-toned flippy bob to match her gilded, mixed metal Moschino dress from her appearance at the Louvre earlier in the week. She looked every bit of a ’50s greaser, sans Danny Zuko’s Ford Deluxe convertible—or the fuckboys that hang around Le Marais.
The overall look was playfully androgynous for Hadid, whose day-to-day style of recent revolves around knits from her own brand, Guest in Residence, and denim. Amid the tumult of fashion week, it’s a failsafe formula.
Her pre-show outfit spoke to some of the style codes that Daniel Roseberry’s Schiaparelli show expanded upon. “All of the women I know are dressing for themselves and other women. I was imagining a global pandemic where mankind [as in just men], ceased to exist and women inherited the earth. What would they do with the remnants of male archetypes?” Roseberry said backstage. That meant some old Hollywood masculine tropes through a female gaze—suits with nipped in waists, leather pants like chaps, sharply tailored denim.
Hadid went on to open the show, dressed in an exaggerated fur-shouldered suit with a waist cinching gold belt fastened with the Schiaparelli signature hardware.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: The best of GQ in your inbox
DATE: 
URL: https://gq.com/newsletters?sourceCode=navbar
CONTENT:
Select the newsletters you’d like to receive. Then, add your email to sign up.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: The best of GQ in your inbox
DATE: 
URL: https://gq.com/newsletters?sourceCode=hamburgernav
CONTENT:
Select the newsletters you’d like to receive. Then, add your email to sign up.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: The Unbreakable Bond Between Anime and the NBA
DATE: Culture
URL: https://gq.com/story/nba-anime
CONTENT:
Jordan Poole is best known for getting buckets as the leading scorer on the Washington Wizards. But when he’s not torching defenses, the NBA champion recharges by watching Death Note—a Japanese manga-turned-Netflix series about a notebook that can kill anyone whose name is written in it. The shooting guard is also a fan of One Punch Man, an animated action comedy about the most powerful hero on the planet.
Poole’s anime inclinations are far from anomalous. Last season’s NBA Finals MVP Jaylen Brown has repeatedly gone on record to declare his anime fandom; the Celtics small forward listed Death Note among his favorites, too, along with Demon Slayer, Neo Yokio, and Seven Deadly Sins. The roster of anime enthusiasts goes on: NBA superstar-on-pause Zion Williamson has professed his allegiance to Naruto, crediting the franchise for helping him manage the toughest moments of his career—a declaration he followed with the release of an anime-themed Nike PE sneaker. The Mavericks’ Daniel Gafford sports an array of Dragon Ball Z GOATs (Goku, Vegeta and Gohan) tattooed on his left knee. The Bucks’ Brook Lopez, along with his brothers Robin and Christopher, teamed up with Japanese manga artist Takehiko Inoue to actually create a manga, Transition Game. And most recently, Memphis Grizzlies rookie Yuki Kawamura, who is one of the few Japanese players in NBA history, shared that he chose his jersey number because of a popular anime he grew up watching.
So what’s the appeal? Utah Jazz forward John Collins, in a Sporting News interview, described anime as the ideal package for NBA players, who are often traveling cross-country and can easily binge-watch the episodes, which average about 20 minutes. Beyond that, today’s rising NBA stars are also among the first generation of Americans for whom anime was part of mainstream entertainment. Anime took off in the US starting in 1998, when Cartoon Network began airing Dragon Ball Z and Sailor Moon. That same year, Pokémon debuted on the Warner Brothers television network. And by the time Poole, Brown, and Collins were first learning to dribble, anime was everywhere, including Nickelodeon, Adult Swim, and Disney.
In Japan, basketball and anime have a long history. Slam Dunk, a book-form manga, was adapted into a TV-based anime in 1993 and ran for five seasons on TV Asahi until 1996. Authored by Takehiko Inoue, the series—originally launched in the serial-issue magazine, Weekly Shōnen Jump, in 1990—dramatized the on-court lives of Shōhoku High School players. Their red, black and white uniforms match the Michael Jordan-led Chicago Bulls of that same epoch. With over 185 million copies sold, Slam Dunk ranks as one of the most successful manga series in history. In 2008’s Kuroko's Basketball, a boy leads his darkhorse high school basketball squad against Japan’s best opponents.
More recently, in 2022, Bleacher Report launched Kenny Beecham-produced online series Hero Ball, in which NBA players are rendered manga-style in storylines with an Akira Toriyama-inspired sense of humor. (Think: Giannis Antetokounmpo as a superhuman-enhanced Greek Freak and Luka Doncic as a nomadic warrior clashing against a trophy-forging mountain-dweller in Nikola Jokic.)
In the anime-verse, Super Saiyan is a commonly referenced idea derived from Dragon Ball Z. It’s the transformative boost in a character’s attributes in which their speed and strength exponentially increase mid-battle, when emotions are most heightened. It’s something that fans have adapted into basketball terms: LeBron James overwhelming his foes to take control of a game in the fourth quarter is Super Saiyan.
As the crossover engagement has grown, fans have even cultivated an NBA-to-anime ecosystem. Within that, professional artists like South Korean illustrator Hongjae Kim have started to regularly create their own basketball fan-fiction. James Harden, Damian Lillard and the Atlanta Hawks reposted Kim’s work this season, and he was recently commissioned by ESPN to illustrate NBA Rivals Week. The Lakers and Nuggets have also hired him for one-off projects, and he’s currently working on officially licensed Steph Curry visuals. The NBA’s dramatic arcs hinge on the same kind of villainous threats, heroic accomplishments, and plot twists as the most popular anime. “Compared to other leagues, the NBA is filled with individual stars,” says Kim. “They possess unique characteristics, flashy techniques, and special moves, just like in anime.”
Earlier this season, when Ja Morant declared that he would be taking a hiatus from high-flying dunks, Kim responded with original artwork. Pulling from an encyclopedic archive of shonen (a combination of anime and manga) references, the Seoul-based illustrator turned Morant’s headline-grabbing soundbite into a canonical moment from Japanese animation. In what would become a viral post, Kim depicted Morant’s sudden change of character as a scene straight out of Naruto. In a riff on Kurama (a demonic fox spirit that lingers inside Naruto), the fiery Morant confronts his own inner spirit, depicted as an imprisoned wolf. The creature tells Morant, “Dunk it! That’s who you are.” Morant declines.
Three days later, the real-life Morant delivered a reverse, two-handed double-pump throwdown against the Boston Celtics, inspiring Kim to revisit his Naruto rendering. This time, an empowered Morant holds a basketball high above his head with a Uzumaki swirl replacing the usual rubber pattern of a Spalding ball. The awakened wolf spirit declares, “Earlier than I thought.”
The NBA’s domestic ratings may have plummeted, but the league has arguably grown in cultural relevance, especially abroad. More than 200 countries are accessing NBA League Pass, and according to S&P Global, 90 percent of adults with online access are watching basketball in China. Forbes also reported that over 75% percent of the NBA’s social media followers are based outside of the States, many of them between the ages of 18 and 32. With traditional viewership models shifting, alternative ways of enjoying the game—like anime-based recaps of All-Star Weekend—have paired nicely with the fast-moving, globalized sport. Playmakers like Kim are a major part of that. Each week, he aims to post “within 24 hours of a highlight” and scours his timeline for a trending “concept” like a flashy dunk or comical post-game comment.
“[When] Jaylen Brown destroyed the Hawks in a playoff game, I wanted to express his overwhelming performance with a powerful drawing, so I drew him as Kenpachi from BLEACH,” says Kim. “It’s an iconic moment of Kenpachi holding his bloody sword with two enemies on his shoulder. [That was] Jaylen and the Hawks.”
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: How That Joke About Drake and Kendrick Lamar’s Beef Made It Into Conan O’Brien’s Oscars Monologue
DATE: Culture
URL: https://gq.com/story/drake-and-kendrick-lamar-beef-conan-oscars
CONTENT:
Conan O’Brien used his gig hosting the 97th Academy Awards to deliver the kind of vintage Coco humor that the game’s been missing since his show ended, plus some shocking envelope-pushers—like when he addressed the elephant in the room with a Karla Sofía Gascón bit in his monologue. But there was one joke in particular that made the room gasp and the timeline light up, both for how effective it was but also how unprecedented: “We’ve reached the halfway point of the show," Conan announced, “so now it’s time for Kendrick Lamar to come out and call Drake a pedophile.” As the audience registered this invocation of hip-hop's biggest beef, “Not Like Us,” and the Super Bowl, Conan delivered a bonus punchline, smirkingly assuring the audience that he was “lawyered up"—a reference to Drake's ongoing suit against Universal Music Group for promoting a song that defames him.
Shortly after it aired, comedian and writer Skyler Higley—a former writer on Conan’s self-titled late-night show and a member of the team of writers Conan assembled for his Oscars gig—tweeted his thanks to the Academy for keeping the joke in, and revealed that, thanks to a bet he'd made with the show's producer as to whether or not the joke would land, he’d just won $50. Higley let off several more celebratory tweets as the show drew to a close—and then found his mentions on fire, as Drake’s ever-touchy, sore-loser fanbase set their sights on him for penning Conan’s joke. In the days since, delusional Stans have done everything from accuse Higley of “selling out” for $50—as if fifty bucks had been his actual compensation for the gig—and somehow connecting the dots between a Black man writing a joke about something that originated in Black culture for a white comedian to say and the murder of Emmet Till.
On the phone after a night of celebration (full of random sightings, like Anora’s Yura Borisov chasing Mark Edelshtyn around the bar) and a subsequent day of recovery, Higley was basking in the glow of a well-received show and taking the hate-tweets in stride. “I don't know whether to be proud of the fact that I had a hand in creating one of the worst posts of all internet history,” Higley laughed, referencing the Till tweet. “But to have framed it like that. it still is so absurdly horrifying that it's a little funny—but still horrible. Jesus Christ.”
Higley and his fellow writers have been hard at work since the very top of the year, crafting dozens of jokes and concepts, then fine-tuning them, especially during the last few weeks, as Conan field-tested the material in random comedy clubs across L.A. “It was pitched like any other joke,” Higley explained. “We would sit down and just write batches of jokes. And a lot of stuff moved around and a lot of stuff got lost. But that one worked, and Conan liked it. And when he did sets trying out some of the material, he always did that joke in the set and it always killed. We had very few that were 100% locked in—like, We're definitely going to do it because it's bulletproof—and that was one.”
Although the thought of Conan O'Brien digging into the nuances of K. Dot versus Drake and watching like, the “Family Matters” video for context is a funny one, Higgins argues that the joke succeeds because it needs no context. “This is a beef that went so mainstream that it went all the way to the Super Bowl," he says. "The joke references what happened at the Super Bowl. So I didn't have to explain the context, because if I had had to explain it probably never would've gone that far. And it definitely wouldn't have gotten on the show because there would be the assumption that a lot of people might not get it.” (Higley notes with a chuckle that with a Substance-referencing opening that saw him emerging from Demi Moore's body, Conan inadvertently “popped out and showed n-ggas.”)
While Higley admits to being “more of a Kendrick fan,” praising the “levels and nuances to the writing and how self-reflective it is,” he insists that the joke's intent was nonpartisan. “It’s just, Remember when he came out [at] the Super Bowl? What if he did that now? That would be silly. So it's really insane that people are being like, ‘This is a one-sided criticism,’ or ‘He's calling him out for this.’ It's like, well, that's already been what's happened.”
Incendiary joke aside though, Higley says Team Coco is feeling good about how the show seems to have gone over—with everyone except for people with owls in their Twitter bios, anyway. “What Conan wants to do is put himself into the context of comedy first and it being funny and being really silly and memorable," he says. "And he is just so able to be in control of the art of making something really, really funny and committed to it, in a way that I just don't see it on a grand scale. Conan is willing to do grand scale comedy and be absurd and risky, which is what's important for the art of comedy. And as a writers room, we worked on a lot of different things together, everybody had a hand in basically everything.”
As for the bits that were too hot for TV: Higley mourns a gag he had written for the firefighter segment, where Conan recruited Los Angeles first responders to read jokes that he himself couldn’t get away with saying. Higley says his fellow writer Jessie Gaskell had written the line, “The Academy is so white that they watched Sing Sing on a Ring camera,” which Higley then tagged with “The Academy's so white, they posted about the Nickel Boys on Nextdoor."
“I was trying to find a third example movie that would work,” Higley says, "and I couldn't find one. And then I remember pitching the three jokes in a row where it was going to be Sing Sing, Nickel Boys and the third joke: 'The Academy's so white, those are the only two movies that I can use as examples.' And I thought that would've gone off. But the firefighter was like, ‘I just can't make jokes about race while wearing this uniform.’”
Post-Oscars, Higley is back on his main gig of writing for Taylor Tomlinson’s late night series After Midnight, and continuing to work on his own standup and scripts. But after a successful, crowd-pleasing hosting debut, the million-dollar question is: would Conan do it again? “I don't know if [Conan] expressed it, but a lot of the writers want to do it again. And I would assume [the Academy] would ask him to do it again because of how well it went. But I don't know if [Conan] said anything [himself yet]. I think that he's tired right now.”
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Prepare Your Bench Press for Blastoff
DATE: Wellness
URL: https://gq.com/story/improve-your-bench-press
CONTENT:
The bench press, star of chest day, has long stood as the de facto measure for a lifter’s strength. There are, of course, more holistic ways to measure physical strength—and if your goal is simply to build muscle, you might not need chest presses at all. But if years of Hollywood montages have taught us anything, it’s that benching heavy counts for something.
To paraphrase Kenny Powers, not everybody’s trying to be the best at exercising. You need not worry if you don’t know, or care, how much weight you can put up on the bench. That said, if you know and very much care, we’ve got some intel that should have you stacking thicker plates on the bar in no time.
To find out what it takes to maximize the bench press, we spoke with top trainers, coaches, and practitioners who have studied the movement and understand the latest research. If you’ve recently hit a strength plateau, or even if you’re just interested in improving your form and efficiency on the lift, here are the experts’ top tips for taking your bench press to the next level.
If you, like most men with lives outside of the gym, train your chest about once a week, you’re going to need to up that. “If you want to get better at bench pressing, you have to practice the skill of bench pressing,” says Luke Carlson, founder and CEO of Discover Strength. Just like training to run faster, that means attacking progression from multiple angles with at least two or three dedicated sessions per week.
To maximize strength gains and progression under the barbell, Mathew Welch, MS, CSCS, ATC, USAW-1, exercise physiologist at HSS, recommends a three-day training split that you can do on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
“The first day would be a maximal strength day, where we're doing 3–5 sets of 1–5 reps, because you can build strength through that 1–5 rep range,” he says. The second day would be for accessory work—to develop the surrounding muscles that play a supporting role in the bench press. These would be exercises like the incline press and chest fly, working up to two sets of 5–8 reps for each. And Friday would be back to the bench for what Welch calls a “dynamic effort” day. Here, you’re doing 8–10 sets of just 1–3 reps, using a load around 55–65 percent of your one-rep max and trying to move the weight as fast as possible. “The dynamic effort method can be very effective for power development,” says Welch. “If you're trying to break through a plateau, adding some power development can be very helpful."
Using proper form isn’t just about deterring injuries; it also makes your body a more efficient bench-pressing machine. “You can improve your form and technique and have your bench press go up, even though your chest didn't get stronger at all,” says Carlson.
“One of the most overlooked pieces of the bench press is really your feet,” says Jesse Shaw, DO, USAW, sports medicine physician and associate professor at the University of Western States. “Your ability to drive and develop force is really coming from your connection with the ground.”
The next time you’re about to lie back on the bench, take a moment to mindfully set your feet flat on the ground. And when you’re ready to pull the bar from the rack, make sure you’re engaging the connection between your upper and lower body.
“Your legs are really an important factor in the bench press, especially as it gets heavier,” says Welch. “You need to drive into the ground with your feet, almost like you're going to drive your hips up off the bench. Just being very stable and aware of the feet is important. It's going to allow you to use more weight, and it's going to help prevent overuse and injury.”
When you find yourself consistently running out of steam once the bar hits a certain point (right before locking out your arms, for example), that’s what we call a sticking point. Essentially, it’s an indicator that one or more of the muscles involved in moving the bar need to get stronger in order to pull (or in this case, push) their weight. “Perhaps the limiter in your bench press used to be your pecs,” says Welch. “Now, six months later, it's your triceps, and you're having trouble with your lockout. Well, you're going to need to implement some special strength exercises to improve your lockout.”
If lockout is the area you’re stuck on, Eddie Baruta, global head of gym floor personal training at Ultimate Performance in Los Angeles, recommends focusing on developing your triceps. His preferred method: bench pressing with chains. While it might seem a little extreme, benching with chains is a simple and effective way to increase the weight of the bar as it rises, allowing you to isolate and overload problem areas. “You're actually increasing the resistance as you push through to the top of the motion, which we know is where the bench press gets more difficult,” says Baruta.
Alternatively, getting stuck with the bar closer to your chest, near the bottom of the rep, could signal a strength imbalance between your chest and back. “When you drop your elbows below parallel with the ground, your lats are going to carry that weight,” says Dr. Shaw. “So if your lats are significantly weaker than your pecs are, as soon as you break that level your lats are going to say, ‘I can't lift this weight anymore.’”
Each rep has two phases: the lifting (“concentric”) phase and the lowering (“eccentric”) phase. While lowering weight may not seem quite as important as lifting it, research has shown that periodically exposing the eccentric phase of the rep to heavier leads can spur strength gains. Training “negatives” basically means lifting in a way that places greater emphasis on the eccentric phase of the rep. “You can carry a lot more weight through the eccentric phase of a muscle’s movement than you can through the concentric phase,” says Dr. Shaw. “Negatives, for me, are probably the biggest thing, especially if you have a weight ceiling to break through.”
To get the most out of negatives, Carlson recommends picking a weight slightly heavier than your one-rep max and, crucially, having a spotter or two on hand to help you re-rack the bar after each rep. Your aim is to lower the bar with control for a count of 10 seconds. Do that for one set of 6–8 reps, Carlson says. “If you did that every other week, that would probably be the single greatest way to improve your one-rep max,” he says.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Sign up for ELLE’s newsletter
DATE: 
URL: https://www.elle.com/email/elle-newsletter
CONTENT:
By signing up, I agree to the Terms of Use (including the dispute resolution procedures) and have reviewed the Privacy Notice.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Here’s Your Complete 2025 Horoscope
DATE: 
URL: https://elle.com/horoscopes/a63284474/2025-horoscope-predictions/
CONTENT:
ELLE’s resident astrologers, the AstroTwins, share their predictions for the coming year.
The new year is almost here and with it comes some fresh energy. After 12 months of dramatic highs and lows, the stars are delivering a somewhat more peaceful 2025. Still, there will be plenty of transitions and a lot that we’ll need to acclimate to as AI makes its way into every arena, from food to wellness to relationships. Here’s what the planets have in store for every zodiac sign this coming year.
Ready to forge a new path and reshape your identity? Of course you are, Aries, and odds are, you’ve already been on that mission for the last couple years. Keep on trucking, because 2025 continues to bring noticeable progress. Disciplined Saturn and dreamy Neptune both move into your sign for part of the year, helping you drop anchor and build a solid foundation for this next stage of the game. (A huge deal since Saturn last visited your sign in 2008, and Neptune hasn’t been in Aries since 1875!) Roll up your sleeves, and unleash your imagination. Your fearless leadership will attract a wider audience, especially during the Aries solar eclipse on March 29. As new developments emerge, there may be some baggage to deal with. The fateful North Node wraps up an 18-month tour through Aries this January 11 and slips into soulful Pisces until July 26, 2026. Invest time in spiritual growth and processing old wounds. Jupiter downshifts into Cancer this June 9, drawing focus to home and family. You’ll either put down roots or seek a new place to plant them.
Let the intellectual sparks fly. The fastest way to your heart is through a stimulating conversation in 2025. Stack the calendar with lectures, performances, and lively road trips. Single Rams, don’t sleep on the locally grown hotties hanging out at neighborhood venues. Venus turns retrograde in your sign on March 1, which could give you cold feet for six weeks. Pace yourself, and be careful not to raise the bar to an impossibly high standard.  Relationships get serious in the fall when your ruler, red-hot Mars, pulses through your partnership zones. Commit!
Read more about Aries in 2025 from the AstroTwins.
The rebel era that you’ve been in since 2018 is winding down—but not entirely. In 2025, you’ll catch glimpses of the stability your sign once lived for. Chaotic, disruptive Uranus nears the end of its seven-year tour through Taurus that has basically rewired you. Now, how will you put Taurus 2.0 into action? You’ll catch glimpses of the answer between July 7 and November 7, when the side-spinning planet shifts into Gemini and your practical second house. No need to rush into anything, because this cycle picks up again for seven more years in April 2026. Along with enterprising Jupiter, who will be in Gemini until June 9, Uranus helps you think outside the box when it comes to your money, values, and the way you earn a living. Explore cutting-edge industries, but make sure that you have a steady income to pay for all the luxuries that a Bull loves. On June 9, Jupiter moves into Cancer, shifting your focus to travel and redefining “home.” Whether through global adventures, apartment swaps, or new vacation spots, the second half of the year could turn you into a worldly wanderer.
Love feels poetic and dreamy for much of 2025, but when Venus spins retrograde from March 1 to April 12, take time out for soulful reflection. Are you sticking with the tried and true out of habit? Here’s your chance to let go of the wrong people or upgrade counterproductive relationship patterns. By the summer, you could be ready to do love in a totally new way. Searching for a soulmate? The karmic South Node in Virgo from Jan. 11, 2025, to July 26, 2026, could bring a meant-to-be mate your way.
Read more about Taurus in 2025 from the AstroTwins.
Farewell, comfort zone! Lucky, adventurous Jupiter sails through Gemini until June 9, making you crave novelty, variety, and adventure. This year’s theme is “expanded horizons,” and oh, the places you will go. Set a stretch goal for yourself, which could involve packing a suitcase, starting a Substack (or a business), or enrolling in grad school. And hello, trailblazer! Rebellious Uranus heads into your sign on July 7 and kicks off a seven-year cycle that could radically reshape your identity. New sides of yourself will emerge this year. Try them on like alter egos and see what sticks. Serious Saturn and imaginative Neptune both spend part of the year in Aries and your collaborative 11th house. The company you keep can make or break you this year, so choose your alliances wisely. Start making money moves on June 9, when lucky Jupiter sweeps into Cancer and showers your income zone with its abundant beams for 12 whole months. Twins could travel for work, get hired by an international company, or earn a well-deserved promotion before 2025 is through.
2025’s emphasis is on self-sovereignty, but there’s no need to put love on the back burner. Your autonomy makes you more attractive, even if you’re harder to get. Build relationships with people who want to support your independent desires along with shared interests. Venus swings through Gemini from July 4 to 30, which is your high season for amour. Wrap up the year with a romantic bow as love planets Venus and Mars team up in your relationship houses for all of December.
Read more about Gemini in 2025 from the AstroTwins.
You’ll do your best work in solitude in early 2025, but don’t get too cozy. The second half of the year turns you into a sought-after Crab. No-limits Jupiter soars into your sign on June 9, hard-launching a once-in-12-years cycle of growth, visibility, and reinvention. Think of this as your cosmic coming-out party—a chance to explore new dimensions of your personality and put your full brilliance on display. An unfinished project could become your obsession, while Mars retrogrades through your sign from January 6 to February 23. Pour yourself into it, then soft launch it into the world before May. And keep your suitcase handy. Starting January 11, the North Node in Pisces revs up you spirit of adventure, nudging you toward mind-expanding experiences like travel or higher learning. Meanwhile, Saturn and Neptune in Aries and your career zone keep your ambitions on track, helping you balance professional aspirations with soulful self-discovery. By the year’s end, you’ll have grown by leaps and bounds.
While your feet might be a little chilly until February 23, you’ll be ready to step back onto the dating scene before spring! Lusty, courageous Mars is dancing through your sign—and in direct motion from February 23 to April 18. Take the lead, Crab, and send out crystal-clear signals to the object of your affections. Venus sweeps through Cancer from July 30 to August 25, joining worldly Jupiter there. Book a couples’ getaway or head to a destination where you can flirt with wild abandon. This could be the official start to your Emily in Paris era. (Gabriel or Alfie?) The holiday season sparkles as Venus and Mars canoodle in your relationship house from Christmas Eve through New Year’s Day. On Vixen! On Cupid!
Read more about Cancer in 2025 from the AstroTwins.
Collaborate, then celebrate. In 2025, joining forces is your secret recipe for success. Two of the savviest planets, Jupiter and Uranus, fire up your 11th house of teamwork and tech throughout the year. Cast savvy people to be part of your supergroup, then pool your resources. With this future-forward influence, incorporate AI or time-saving apps to hit your benchmarks faster. On June 9, nomadic Jupiter drifts into Cancer, taking a celestial sabbatical in your sleepy, transitional 12th house for a year. After a busy start to 2025,  take time for healing and tying up loose ends as you prepare for a personal reinvention tour that begins when Jupiter enters Leo next year on June 30, 2026. All Leos who wander are not lost! Structured Saturn and imaginative Neptune spend time in Aries this year, which could send you on a few purposeful journeys. You could travel for a life-changing retreat or conference—or to scout out a new place to call home. Entrepreneurial Leos may begin work on a profitable project—or pass the torch as you cash out on your efforts.
Intensity ahead. Cupid’s arrows could pierce your defenses in 2025, but prepare to discover a few of your own sharper edges. With spicy, cutthroat Pluto in your relationship house, watch out for projecting, blaming, or starting arguments to keep things “interesting.” Own your power—and your responsibility for making relationships work. With the destiny-dusted North Node dropping into Pisces and your intimate eighth house from January 11 on, pursuing one soulful (and sexy) relationship could also be high on your priority list. As you follow that urge to merge, the South Node in Virgo nudges you to work on self-love too and balance the pull of these relationships with self-care practices.
Read more about Leo in 2025 from the AstroTwins.
Your career is in the spotlight this year, so swing for the fences, Virgo. Enterprising Jupiter and tech-savvy Uranus fire up your ambitious 10th house, inviting you to step up and lead. Don’t scatter your energy in the process. This is a year to give your all to one or two meaningful missions max. Prioritize self-care, and don’t be shy about promoting yourself. With the karmic South Node, two new moons, and two eclipses in your sign, 2025 will be filled with soulful discovery and healing. If you’re not sure where to focus next, look to the past. Clues about your next steps may emerge once you return to a meaningful and nostalgic location. Don’t think of it as going backwards, Virgo, but more like a reconnection to some of your greatest hits. Networking is your superpower once Jupiter shifts into Cancer on June 9. This year-long cycle helps you find your people—the ones who inspire, support, and elevate your dreams. Meanwhile, structured Saturn and dreamy Neptune spend time in Aries and your eighth house of shared resources and transformation. What—and who—you invest in could bring long-term rewards.
Soulmate or bust? With the fateful North Node in Pisces and your partnership zone from Jan. 11, 2025, to July 26, 2026, relationships percolate with passion and possibility. You could reconnect with an old flame while Venus is retrograde in your sign from March 29 to April 12. Coupled Virgos may revisit some buried issues this spring, but seize the opportunity to get to the root of the breakdown. A meant-to-be mate could emerge near the eclipse on September 7, or you could discover an untapped dimension without an existing bond.
Read more about Virgo in 2025 from the AstroTwins.
The world is your oyster in 2025, Libra. Pearls of wisdom and all sorts of other gems await your discovery, as celestial seekers Jupiter and Uranus each take a fantastic voyage through Gemini and  your globetrotting ninth house. Sate your curiosity with a life-changing trip, especially if it brings an opportunity to learn something new. Ready to relocate? You could be packing up your apartment before the year is through. A huge weight is off your shoulders starting January 11, when the karmic South Node ends an 18-month tour through your sign. You’ve grown so much from this cycle of profound inner work. Now you’re ready to bring a healthier outlook into your everyday life, from plant-based eating to regular exercise and caring for your mental health. Career goals kick into high gear on June 9, when abundant Jupiter shifts into Cancer and your 10th house of success. During this yearlong cycle, step into a leadership role, or focus on work that raises your profile and visibility. Modesty is overrated in 2025.
Dreamy Neptune and serious Saturn spend part of the year in Aries, stirring up a fresh energy in your partnerships. Pairing up can be life-changing, but make sure you unite with someone whose long-term vision aligns with yours. Relationships may spring up through a creative collaboration or via a work function (just check those HR guidelines). Can’t stop thinking about the one that got away? An old flame could reignite while Venus is retrograde from March 1 to April 12. But your luckiest time for love comes in the fall. Both lusty Mars and romantic Venus spend time in Libra and bless you with magnetism and charm. Hello, sexy September.
Read more about Libra in 2025 from the AstroTwins.
There’s no hiding your sultry side as two of the most daring and experimental planets, Jupiter and Uranus, ripple through your erotic eighth house in 2025. From passionate relationships to joint investments, explore new ways to combine forces. But save a little magic for your solo missions, too. Starting January 11, the destiny-fueling North Node dances into Pisces, raising the curtain on 18 months of fame, romance, and creative expression. Make love and art, Scorpio. This could be the year that you get a record deal, shop a screenplay, or become everyone’s favorite style icon to feature on their feeds. Don’t be surprised if a far-flung corner of the world calls to you after June 9. For the first time since 2014, nomadic Jupiter boards a flight through Cancer, jetting through your worldly ninth house until June 30, 2026. Say yes to horizon-broadening experiences, like attending a personal-growth seminar (in the jungle!) or touring Asia for three months. Enterprising Scorpios could turn a hobby into a side-hustle and maybe even a full-time career.
Carnal desires are coming in strong this year as untethered Jupiter and then experimental Uranus swing through your erotic eighth house. Try not to be too mysterious. Your fifth house of high romance and fertility gets a cosmic boost from the Pisces North Node, serious Saturn, and boundary-blurring Neptune, plus a lunar eclipse on September 7. If you shoot your shot, 2025 could bring everything from proposals to babies to unexpected attractions that sweep you off your slingbacks. Lusty Mars and seductive Venus sweep through Scorpio this fall, intensifying your allure just in time for cuffing season.
Read more about Scorpio in 2025 from the AstroTwins.
Surprise: Free-spirited Archers can discover liberation in a new way in 2025—by joining forces with supportive partners instead of being such a rolling stone. Your ruler, untethered Jupiter, and experimental Uranus both spend time in Gemini and your seventh house of commitment. Pair up for business, pleasure, and creative projects. Your shared efforts could become profitable, especially once Jupiter rolls into Cancer on June 9. Need funding? You might attract an investor who wants to bankroll your grand schemes. On January 11, the lunar nodes shift into Pisces and Virgo, recalibrating your work-life balance. Family bonds and career aspirations can pull you in two directions. Create more of a separation, cutting out distractions during work hours, so you can log off for device-free dinners, family vacations, and weekend hangs. While you’re at it, set house rules, so that everyone pulls their proper weight at Casa Centaur. Creatively, 2025 is a five-star year. Disciplined Saturn and dreamy Neptune both do laps through Aries for part of 2025, combining their energies in your fifth house of fame and creative expression. Let your imagination soar, then back it up with a solid action plan. There’s nothing you can’t pull off this year when you combine your visionary gifts with a savvy strategy.
Love is both your playground and your classroom in 2025. Free-spirits Jupiter and Uranus both spend time in Gemini and your partnership zone, upping the experimental ante. But don’t toss out the rulebook completely. Venus will be retrograde from March 1 to April 12, plus serious Saturn and nebulous Neptune will be spending part of the year in Aries and your fifth house of romance. Translation? Make clear agreements to ensure that you’re on the same page as anyone you let into your heart. Lusty Mars takes a lap through Sagittarius from November 4 to December 15. And just in time for the holidays, Venus sweeps through your sign from November 30 to December 24, gift-wrapping the year-end in romance, pleasure, and plenty of passion.
Read more about Sagittarius in 2025 from the AstroTwins.
It’s good to be popular, as every Capricorn knows. And with the fateful North Node gliding into Pisces and your social third house for 18 months starting January 11, you’ll be at the center of a buzzing social scene. Warning: FOMO could become your new normal, so you’ll need to manage your schedule with care. Fortunately, cosmic innovators Jupiter and Uranus ping Gemini and your efficient sixth house, helping you life-hack your way through 2025. Wellness goals top your agenda too, whether you’re going vegan or working out with a trainer. Partnerships get a burst of momentum on June 9, when growth-agent Jupiter heads into Cancer and your seventh house of relationships for a year. You won’t take kindly to anyone clipping your wings, so opt for a partner who supports your worldly expansion. Flowy Neptune and your ruler, structured Saturn, dart into Aries for part of the year, bringing some fresh energy to your home and family plans. From moving to renovating to making babies, you could get some big missions in motion before 2025 is through.
Lusty Mars spends the first half of the year firing up your relationship zones and giving you a strong urge to merge. (Just pace yourself while Mars is retrograde until February 23.) Mingle with attractive people, and raise the adventure quotient on your dates. A love renaissance begins this June 9, when lucky, expansive Jupiter bursts into Cancer and your seventh house of relationships for a year. Turn on that soulmate search light and cast a wide net. Long-distance love is a strong possibility in 2025. Coupled Caps could pair up on an entrepreneurial venture, move cross-country, or take a a bucket-list trip. Cosmic canoodlers Mars and Venus copilot through Capricorn starting Christmas Eve bringing some fa-la-la-la-lovin’ to the last weeks of the year.
Read more about Capricorn in 2025 from the AstroTwins.
Even with mysterious Pluto spending its first full year (of the next 19!) in Aquarius, you won’t be able to fly under the radar in 2025. Showstopping Jupiter and your ruler, kinetic Uranus, visit Gemini and your fifth house of fame, romance, and creative expression, pushing your brilliant work into the public eye. Next question: Can you monetize that? With the lunar nodes moving through your money zones for 18 months starting January 11, you’re ready to build a secure foundation for your future. A dream job, ideal client, or made-for-you role at your current 9-5 could appear, so put your feelers out there. Saturn and Neptune trek through Aries for part of the year, stoking your third house of communication. Every word counts in 2025, so why not channel your gift of gab into a podcast or get to work on a screenplay, Substack, or style blog? Once Jupiter settles into Cancer for a year on June 9, your daily routines evolve. Design a mindful lifestyle plan that nourishes you from the inside out. Health is wealth, Aquarius.
Make way for a year of unscripted romantic possibilities. Adventure-seeking Jupiter and your ruler, experimental Uranus, bring waves of thrilling unconventionality to your love life. Starting fresh? New love blossoms once Mars resumes direct motion in Leo from April 18 to June 17. This is also a potent window for coupled Aquarians to leap to the next level together. With Mercury retrograde in Leo from July 18 to August 11, an old flame may resurface. Venus won’t visit Aquarius in 2025—a rare occurrence that could make relationships feel a bit less of a priority. Mars won’t hit your sign either, but don’t worry: You’ll be rewarded mid-January 2026, as the cosmic lovebirds team up in Aquarius.
Read more about Aquarius in 2025 from the AstroTwins.
Destiny is DMing, Pisces, and it needs you to answer. 2025 is an extremely special year for you. On January 11, the fate-fueling lunar North Node arrives in your sign for the first time since 2007. This 18-month journey will guide you toward your highest purpose or help you reinvent yourself if you’re ready for that kind of change. Circle September 7 as a major manifestation day, when a lunar (full moon) eclipse in Pisces shakes up the skies. But that’s not all. Two outer planets—serious Saturn and numinous Neptune—pop out of your sign for part of the year, moving into Aries and activating your second house of money and values. Lay the groundwork for long-term wealth while you locate (or create) work that you love. Home life goes through some restructuring as two free-spirited planets—Jupiter and Uranus—dance through Gemini and your fourth house of roots. While this might not make 2025 your most stable year, you could enjoy being a nomad or living between a couple different locales. On June 9, abundant Jupiter moves into Cancer, igniting a yearlong romantic and artistic renaissance. The muse will be your constant companion during this fertile phase, which could bring anything from babies to a genius body of creative work. Unleash!
Romantic resolutions come to life quickly as amorous Venus sweeps into your soulful sign from January 2 to February 4. Enjoy the rush, then brace yourself for a somewhat bumpy spell as the love planet turns retrograde in Pisces from March 27 to April 12.  Don’t panic. This can reveal a hidden soulmate or bring back the true love you never got over. No compromising your core values though. With the karmic South Node, plus two eclipses in your partnership house (Virgo), 2025 gets you crystal clear on what you need from a relationship. On June 9, happy-go-lucky Jupiter enters Cancer, lighting up your fifth house of love, passion, and fertility. Fill your calendar with adventure dates, baecations, or whirlwind romances if you’re feeling more like a bon vivant than a bride-to-be.
Read more about Pisces in 2025 from the AstroTwins.
Pisces Daily Horoscope
Aquarius Daily Horoscope
Capricorn Daily Horoscope
Sagittarius Daily Horoscope
Scorpio Daily Horoscope
Libra Daily Horoscope
Virgo Daily Horoscope
Leo Daily Horoscope
Cancer Daily Horoscope
Gemini Daily Horoscope
Taurus Daily Horoscope
Aries Daily Horoscope
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Sign up for ELLE’s newsletter
DATE: 
URL: https://elle.com/email/elle-newsletter
CONTENT:
By signing up, I agree to the Terms of Use (including the dispute resolution procedures) and have reviewed the Privacy Notice.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

