TITLE: Life
DATE: 
URL: https://menshealth.com/trending-news/
CONTENT:
Financial experts explain how your health savings account can bring in big money.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Want more Men's Health?
DATE: 
URL: https://menshealth.com/newsletter
CONTENT:
By signing up, I agree to the Terms of Use (including the dispute resolution procedures) and have reviewed the Privacy Notice.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: The Boys Aren't in Crisis. Worry About These Kids Instead.
DATE: 
URL: https://menshealth.com/trending-news/a63513426/the-boys-crisis/
CONTENT:
Insights from a teacher on the front lines.
IT WAS A typical start to a typical math class in my fourth-grade room: My students had returned from lunch along with the cafeteria teacher, who needed to speak to me; three of my boys, habitual offenders of lunchroom volume and behavior rules, had done it again. At the same time, two students from the neighboring class ran up to complain that one of my students (a boy) had been sprinting down the hall. Yet another boy reported a classmate (a boy) for turning off the bathroom lights. I put out these little fires while ushering everyone into the room; we had to start math; the clock was ticking. Instead of following our established math routine (bring your whiteboard and marker to the carpet), two boys decided they would rather trade Pokémon cards. Another, tugging his things from his messy desk, caused its contents to vomit onto the floor. In as calm a voice as I could muster, I told the boys that they had 10 seconds to join the class before I lost my mind.
Ten, nine, eight…
Meanwhile, the girls were sitting on the carpet, math materials ready, waiting for the lesson to begin. I took a deep breath, looked at the boys, and thought, not for the first time: Come on, my dudes, pull your shit together.
If you haven’t yet heard, social scientists and intellectuals are raising the alarm, declaring a “boys’ crisis” in America. Pick almost any data point from the past two decades, and boys trail girls in category after category. Girls earn a higher GPA than boys. High school–age boys in public schools outpace girls in dropout, suspension, and expulsion rates and make up a majority of K–12 students reading and writing below grade level. Boys are less likely to enroll in college and much less likely to graduate in four years. These achievement gaps extend into adulthood. Men make up 70 percent of opioid-related deaths. Men are four times more likely to kill themselves. The list goes on. Put enough of these data points together and you get the blinding constellation that is the subject of podcasts, articles, and hot takes: Our boys are in crisis.
But are they?
I have another set of data points, collected from my years as a teacher. From my view at the front of the class, the boys are absolutely a disorganized, rambunctious, distractible hot mess. But when I take a step back, I see the boys enthusiastically contributing to our reading discussions about character and theme. I see them learning how to multiply and divide, and plan their personal essays, and make friends, and cooperate productively in their science partnerships. In other words, I see them doing everything we expect and hope fourth graders to be doing. The boys, in my professional opinion, are doing just fine. So I have to wonder: Are the armchair experts making a crisis out of nothing? Or is the “boys’ crisis” masking another problem with far deeper roots?
I’m not denying the statistics. But there is a difference between analyzing the metadata of millions of children from a university office and spending time in a real classroom with real boys and girls.
I’ve taught for over a decade, working with kindergartners, college freshmen, and all ages between. I’ve taught the most privileged kids in America (children of an All-Star New York Yankee, an Academy Award–winning actor, a billionaire Trump donor), and I’ve taught the most disadvantaged, in Maine’s juvenile prison. Last fall, I began another year as a fourth-grade teacher. I’ve worked with hundreds of boys over my career. And, once upon a time, I was a boy myself.
I did some dumb shit as a boy. My guy friends and I used to hop in random swimming pools, throw snowballs at cop cars from the woods, light fireworks in mailboxes. If you didn’t know that boys’ brains develop more slowly than girls’ brains, now you know. According to some studies, we mature about a year behind girls (see above), our judgment mechanisms take some priming before they kick in (see above), and we are less likely to exhibit self-regulation (see above).
There are outliers, of course. I’ve had a female student who behaved like a nonviolent civil-disobedience protester, lying down in the middle of the room, refusing to move. I’ve had a boy obsessed with dirt biking and keeping his desk tidy enough to satisfy a neurotic boot camp instructor. As a society, we’re broadening our understanding of gender, acknowledging that every kid doesn’t fit neatly into a “boy” or “girl” box. And yet, traditional gender behaviors overwhelmingly endure in my classroom. Whether the cause is biological or social, I don’t know, but what I see is clear: The kids born with XY chromosomes are the disruptive, slightly feral, slightly delinquent kids. The kids born with XX chromosomes are not. In fact, what I observe in my classroom these days is that the loud, messy, disruptive boys are not only doing fine academically; they are often outperforming the girls.
What’s true in my class holds true for the more than 600 students in my school. Our gifted and talented program began the year with three boys for every girl. In the intervention wing, where students are pulled for support in literacy and math, the ratio is skewed the other way.
As I compared what I was seeing with my own eyes against the panic of a “boys’ crisis,” I wondered: Could my school be an outlier? Was the population here different? Wealthier? More educated? I teach in Maine, which is below average in median household income (35 out of 50), but the city in which I teach could, in many ways, be a poster child for the “average” American small city. A coastal city of 20,960, it has a median household income ($81,326) that’s a hair’s breadth above the nation’s ($80,610). The poverty rate is slightly lower (8 percent compared to 11 percent nationally), and the percentage with a college education is slightly higher (41 percent to 38 percent). The city has a cute Main Street, farms and factories, a working waterfront, and a brewery. The city, by many metrics, is extraordinarily average, and so are its boys.
So what was I missing? Where was the crisis?











ONE LEADING INDICATOR of underperformance in boys can be found not in school but at home: Boys raised in fatherless families, the statistics show, are less likely to succeed in a host of life measures.
I considered this theory from the sample size of my classroom. Every year, I get students without fathers. These fatherless students fall into two groups. The first group lost their dads to death. The second group lost their dads to life events (divorce, incarceration, restraining orders, addiction, etc.). We might expect that the tragedy of losing a father to death could send a kid off the rails, but this group fares surprisingly well in my class. It’s the second group that worries me.
My students whose fathers are living but absent almost universally suffer from combinations of academic delays and behavioral issues. These tend to be the kids with ADHD diagnoses and special education plans. Last year, I had an extraordinarily bright, fatherless boy whom I thought of as Matt Damon in Good Will Hunting. He wouldn’t read, but he was my best reader. He got top scores on math tests, but he wouldn’t attempt a math challenge. I tried to be his Robin Williams, and I failed. Not once did he complete his homework or read anything more challenging than a graphic novel. He preferred goofing around and would often find himself called (again) to the office. His report cards? Abysmal. Some would attribute his academic performance to the lack of a father. But I saw it differently: His mother worked multiple jobs. She couldn’t attend conferences. I could rarely get her on the phone. She didn’t have time to read with him or remind him about his homework. They lived in the city’s poorest neighborhood. The more I considered it, my Matt Damon didn’t need a dad as much as he needed a socioeconomic life raft. I wondered: Could the “boys’ crisis” have less to do with family and more to do with poverty?
The town where I teach is economically diverse, so I can compare kids from different economic classes. And what I’ve seen is clear: If there is a boys’ crisis, it’s among poor boys.
Not all my below-average students are poor, but nearly all my poor students are below average. This isn’t surprising to me as a teacher; could you focus during math class if you were worrying about whether your mom could pay this month’s rent?
Poverty is a grinding force that not only holds kids back but physically stunts their brains. One study concluded that children from poor families had less “gray matter” in their frontal lobes, explaining up to a 20 percent difference in test scores. When we consider poverty as a factor in the boys’ crisis, the statistics take on new meaning: The reason boys appear to be falling behind is because a lot of poor boys are doing very badly, pulling the national average down like an anchor. At the top of the socioeconomic ladder, the gender gap is all but nonexistent: The Ivy League colleges still enroll about half males and half females.
In another country, poverty might be the end of the story. But this is America, with our unique history, where class can’t be separated from race. And sure enough, when race is considered, the city in which I teach no longer seems “average.” Maine is 94 percent white, a full 18 points less diverse than the nation. My classroom isn’t too different; each year about 17 of 20 students are white. If we break down the boys’ crisis by class and race, the picture becomes yet clearer: Upper- and middle-class white boys are not lagging behind at nearly the same rate as poor Black boys and poor Hispanic boys, who, because of generational, institutional disadvantages, are poorer, on average, than their white peers.
One fascinating caveat: On average, poor girls of color academically outperform poor boys of color, and nobody seems to know why. Richard V. Reeves, PhD, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institute and author of Of Boys and Men, has said there isn’t an “obvious causal mechanism” but that an environment of poverty seems to affect boys more than girls. It’s led him to question the ways in which “masculinity” could possibly be more fragile and sensitive than previously believed, and to suggest that girls might be a bit more resilient. Regardless, these numbers shouldn’t lead us into believing that poor girls are thriving. Poverty keeps all bright young minds—boys and girls—from achieving their full potential.
“Poor kids are in crisis” is not a splashy headline that will help pundits sell books or appear on podcasts, which is why—if I’m going to be a little cynical—it doesn’t get the same attention as a “boys’ crisis.” The causes of poverty are big and structural, requiring big structural solutions. It won’t be solved by encouraging fathers to step up to the plate, or through boy leadership empowerment programs, or by “redshirting” boys so they begin kindergarten later (all proposed solutions to the “boys’ crisis”). I think about a former student, a boy with a big smile and a great sense of humor, loved by his peers and teachers. He wanted to do well. But he and his mom bounced between three apartments over the year. He couldn’t stay awake in class. He rarely got to school less than an hour late, if at all. This boy didn’t need an empowerment program. He needed rent control. He needed his mom to earn a living wage. He needed a safe, stable place to call home.











FIRST, WE SHOULD recenter the conversation. By focusing on all boys, we do a disservice to those boys experiencing a genuine crisis of poverty. Then, we need those big, structural solutions: a reinvestment in federal housing, a realignment of the tax brackets, a return to the dirt-cheap tuition that boomers enjoyed in the 1960s. These changes wouldn’t help every boy, but they would help many.
Until these policies become reality, what can we do for our boys now? As a teacher, I try to check my gender bias. When I’m exasperated with my boys, ready to call the office, I try to pause. I’ll give the boys extra reminders and transition time. I use restorative justice when conflict occurs, to help kids build an emotional vocabulary and learn to make amends. These things help all kids, but they seem to really help boys.
Instead of putting our messy, rambunctious boys on a disciplinary pathway, what if we teachers, administrators, and parents acknowledged that boys take a little longer to figure things out, settle down, get their shit together? It’s easier said than done, especially in the heat of the moment, when the girls are ready to learn and the boys are sowing chaos. But maybe a slight adjustment in our expectations could help reduce behavioral issues, rather than pathologizing traditional “boy” behavior? I remind myself that my guy friends and I did some very dumb shit, and we turned out okay. The boys—the girls, all the kids—not all of them are alright, but they can be. That choice, as always, is up to us, the adults in the room.
This story appears in the January/February 2025 issue of Men's Health.
SUBSCRIBE
The Unsung, Money-Multiplying Power of Your HSA
What to Do If Your Life Feels Like 'Severance'
I Was a City Boy. Nature Changed My Life.
How to Help Those Affected by the L.A. Wilfires
It's OK to Find Parenthood Boring Sometimes
50 Best Last-Minute Gifts That Will Arrive On Time
30 Holiday Gifts for Older Men
Save Up to 51% on Brooks Running Shoes Right Now
Anderson Cooper Is Making Grief Less Lonely
Gifts for Guys Under $50 That He'll Love
This Ice Bath Exec Stays Cool Under Pressure
How to Beat Money Stress—Without Getting a Raise
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: How Animated Superhero Body Designs Have Changed Through the Decades
DATE: 
URL: https://menshealth.com/entertainment/a63845444/superhero-design-animation-muslces-history/
CONTENT:
Our product picks are editor-tested, expert-approved. We may earn a commission through links on our site. Why Trust Us?
As cultural standards for bodies change, so to do the idealized ones we see on TV—and that includes our favorite superhero cartoons.
STAND STRAIGHT. PLANT your feet wide. Puff out your chest. Make two fists and hold them at your sides. Do you feel like a superhero? Even if you can't leap tall buildings in a single bound, you know what superheroes look like. Their V-shaped torsos, broad shoulders, tight waists, and caked glutes are as universally known as some of their origin stories.
Adjacent to the comic book medium that created superheroes are superhero cartoons. Only three years after the debut of Superman in 1938’s Action Comics #1, the animated Superman from Fleischer Studios hit theaters in 1941. From Saturday morning TV to streaming, the decades since Fleischer's Superman took flight have seen generations of superhero cartoons tell tales that astonish the imagination.
Central to everything from SuperFriends to the new Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man, which just wrapped up its first season on Disney+, has been the coveted superhero bod, an amorphous concept that represents the zenith of human potential. Although cartoon superhero bodies have an arc not dissimilar from comic books, nuances inherent to animation, the ever-changing consensus for peak physical health, and the individual visions of leading artists ultimately decide the shape of superhero bodies in our favorite cartoons.
Motion, for instance, makes a major difference between comics and cartoons. “Comic art can be detailed because it's an illustration. It doesn't have to move," Derek Charm, character designer for  Batman: Caped Crusader, says. “The thing about animation is you have to simplify it as much as possible. Every line has to be drawn over and over and over again."
"We call it pencil mileage," Simon Racioppa, showrunner of Invincible, says. "It has to be something people can draw reasonably well and will look good, even if they're drawing it 20,000 times. They don't have time to spend on a panel like in the comic books."
While simplicity is key, it’s still crucial for superheroes, quite literally, to embody our ideals. One glance is all it takes to believe a man (or woman) can fly–and we yearn to believe.
"You're talking about your main characters," Rick Morales, supervising producer on DC's Creature Commandos, says. "You're talking about the most front-facing thing people latch onto. [Bodies] portray so much of the power and the stature that characters within the project hold." To Morales, if Batman simply doesn't look like he has any strength, the show falls apart. “People understand body language, even if they don't know anatomy. You understand on a base level."
While comic books have long been the birthplace for superheroes, animation is where they really spring to life. The human physiques of superhero cartoons literally embody our expectations for what "heroism" looks like, as the artists shaping them emulate real-world athletes or exercise their own artistic vision. For this piece, Men's Health spoke with a half-dozen animation professionals from some of television’s most popular shows in the genre on the ever-evolving shape of superheroes in motion.
SOME AMAZING HEROES with amazing bodies even predate Superman. In Robert E. Howard's 1934 short story "A Witch Shall Be Born," Howard describes the pulp-era character Conan the Barbarian as "almost a giant in stature" with "knots and bunches of muscle" on "massive arms." But the success of Joe Shuster and Jerry Siegel's brainchild, now a central mascot of DC Comics, inspired an overnight race for publishers to cash in. The first true superhero boom introduced more icons into the canon, like Batman, Wonder Woman, The Flash, Captain Marvel, and Captain America.
In 1941, Fleischer Studios created the first superhero cartoon in Superman. Just as Shuster and Siegel found design inspiration in early wrestlers, circus strongmen, and gymnasts–thus explains the blue spandex and red underwear–so too did Fleischer's animators. Rotoscoping, an industry technique in which animators create movement by drawing over live-action footage of actors, was minimally used, but used nonetheless, on Superman.

In 2012, documents surfaced that confirmed Karol Krauser, a Polish professional wrestler, was the original model for Superman at Fleischer. His wide torso, toned chest and shoulders, and defined biceps provided a lasting, literal impression onto Superman, and consequently onto all superhero bodies. "For a long time, the Fleischer Superman was the only credible version of a superhero in motion," Jake Wyatt, co-showrunner of the series My Adventures with Superman, says. "Their Superman's physique was grounded because, like Snow White, they were drawing over to get motion and proportions correct."
Shannon Tindle, an animation veteran and director of Netflix's Ultraman: Rising, says all super physiques come from even further back in history; superhero artists are forever indebted to the ancient Greeks. "American superheroes are our mythology. But a lot of that mythology was taken from Greek and Roman statues, where you have these idealized forms," she tells Men's Health. "You could almost lay a superhero body over Greek statues, and it would probably match down to a millimeter."
Wyatt echoes Tindle. "The early Superman is, deliberately, Nietzschean. The Ubermench: super man," Wyatt says. "You look at Greek sculptures and you've got a lot of those same idealized proportions. This is what power looks like. It's a guy with all the power you've ever wanted and some sort of ideal moral code. It's the same reason knights wear shining armor instead of rusted armor: they embody our virtues and we want to see our virtues as powerful."
Karol Krauser's marble-like physique is still the stuff of envy, a bod many grinding it out in the gym hope to achieve even now in 2025. But the overall standards for health and fitness have leapt forward since a Soviet wrestling heel modeled for Superman. Diet and nutrition, standards of living, the progression of science, and other forces factor into our shared understanding of peak human health in any given era. If such generations are lucky to have superhero cartoons, the bodies in them are a pretty revealing barometer for where the culture and kinesiology stand.
"Superhero stories are about the physical ideal," Robert Kirkman, creator of the Invincible comic book series and executive producer of the Prime Video TV adaptation, says. "We're trying to tell stories featuring characters who are larger than life. The way to incorporate that visually is to have bodies that are beyond peak condition. When you're trying to tell stories about feats of amazement, you tend to push the envelope quite a bit into, I'll say, ridiculous areas."
Kirkman, along with other animation pros interviewed for this story, says that superhero bodies evolve "neck and neck" with real-world fitness as animation artists continue to take their design cues from athletes and bodybuilders. "Superman in the '40s looked very much like a boxer from the '40s," Kirkman points out. "Not a lot of tone definition, but a strong barrel chest shape."
Now, the Superman in My Adventures of Superman hasn't sacrificed mass, but he's neither a brawny boxer or a wrestler. According to Wyatt, the Superman in My Adventures is a hybrid of firefighters and swimmers. "We basically tried to make him look strong, but huggable," he says. "He's an emergency responder. So we wanted him to have that firefighter calendar vibe. Superman is a shield. You want to be held by this man rather than hurt by this man."
Swimmers were a reference, too, for their "balanced musculature" that "feels safe." "Nobody sees a swimmer and is like, 'Oh man, look out!' But Michael Phelps looks strong. He's got width. You need to frame that S. We looked at swimmers, and also at weightlifters."
After Fleischer's Superman, post-war economic prosperity brought TV sets into homes in record numbers. Television soon became the medium where superhero cartoons thrived. By the '60s audiences tuned into cartoons like Space Ghost and Birdman and the Galaxy Trio. The 1970s and 1980s saw a greater number in similar media like SuperFriends, The Fantastic Four, and Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends. Gatchaman, a popular superhero anime imported from Japan, was dubbed in English and retitled in America as Battle of the Planets.
Wyatt says the physiques seen in this era of cartoons were indeed muscular, "bulky" even, but not to the freakish degree they would be in a few short years. "They're like a Hemingway idea of strength," he says. "The '80s introduces steroids. You can really see the difference from Christopher Reeve to the early '80s with Conan the Barbarian. You're like, Whoa! Body standards changed so fast."
Superhero bodies across comics and animation swelled during the years of Reagan's America, influenced by the rock-hard biceps and oversized chests of stars like Schwarzenegger, Stallone, and Van Damme. Superheroes beefed up to keep pace with The Terminator and Rambo.
“As we move into the '80s, we're seeing Superman and Batman start to have more muscle definition than ever before," Kirkman says. "New characters start getting introduced who are much larger and much more physically built."
That led directly into  the '90s. That decade in superhero comics is remembered for its extreme physiques that boldly defied realism. "Everything was exaggerated," says Rick Morales, who designed characters like Rick Flag and Frankenstein on Creature Commandos, who jokes that artists layered on "muscles on muscles that didn't even exist."
Cartoons followed suit, with shows like X-Men: The Animated Series, Spider-Man, and Spawn: The Animated Series featuring characters who looked inflated with protein. The Tick, an acclaimed satire of the genre, followed a dim-witted superhero whose oversized body was another one of its punchlines.
While most cartoons in the '90s simply kept up the momentum that had begun with '80s, one seminal show dared to stand out. Batman: The Animated Series, by animator Bruce Timm, drew reverence for many reasons, not the least of which being its classic art deco-inspired aesthetics. Boldly eschewing the musculatures of its contemporaries, Timm's Batman had characters with round, smooth features, and a shared anatomy of nacho-shaped torsos and straw legs. Such artistry complimented Timm's grasp on character and the emotional stories his shows–including spin-offs like Superman: The Animated Series, Batman Beyond, and Justice League Unlimited–often told.
Prime Video’s Batman: Caped Crusader is Timm’s most recent production. Evocative of Batman: The Animated Series, Caped Crusader again throws back to a noir Batman with a 1930s-40s flavor. Derek Charm, who worked closely with Timm on the show as one of its main designers, says there was plenty of attention paid to how Batman/Bruce Wayne could have his physique without 21st century training.
"Our show takes place in the '40s, so [Batman has] more of a 1940s physique," he says. "You don't see abs or defined muscles really at all. It's like a Charles Atlas body. Big shoulders, barrel chest, thick waist, thinner legs. We wanted to make sure it was as accurate as possible to what would have been possible in the '40s."
The prestige of Timm's work throughout the '90s provided a stylistic counterbalance to the ripped meat and potatoes of other superhero cartoons. By the time the new millennium rolled around, artists and audiences alike craved something new. Photorealism took root in superhero comics. Meanwhile, animation saw more visible influences taken from anime.
In 2003, when Kirkman launched his Invincible comic series with artists Cory Walker and Ryan Ottley he strove to swerve from the realism of comics. "Cory and Ryan and myself were trying to work against that trend. The '90s was just drawing the most insane bulging muscles, and the 2000s were kind of the overcorrection of that era. With Invincible, we were trying to find a middle ground of celebrating the insanity of comics but toning it down a little bit."
Fitness trends come and go, bodies beef up or thin out. And superhero cartoons will go with the flow of fitness—or dare to chart a new path. All animation professionals interviewed for this story say that while real-world fitness will always be a popular go-to reference, it's ultimately the story they want to tell that decides how superheroes look in animation.
"Story always defines where you're going to go with character design," Tindle says, addings that "who the character is and what they're about" is as important to consider as their workout routines. In Tindle's Ultraman: Rising, protagonist Ken Sato (voiced by Christopher Sean) is a world-famous baseball player on a level greater than Shohei Ohtani. That's in addition to his secret ego as Ultraman, Earth's shapeshifting defender against kaiju. "This is a guy who's not just an athlete;he's one of the greatest athletes in the world of our film. He's as famous as Michael Jordan. And so he keeps himself in great shape."
Story informs not just the physique of the main heroes but their friends and villains, too. The personnel of both My Adventures with Superman and Batman: Caped Crusader tell Men's Health their shows have similar ideas about height. On either show, no supporting characters are made to be taller than their respective versions of Batman and Superman unless they are deemed an active threat.
"There are only so many characters we allow to be taller than Superman,” Wyatt says.“When we want to let the audience worry, we have someone show up who's taller than him."
IT IS JUST scratching the surface to wonder how superhero bodies evolve in animation. In truth, there isn't one thing that alone shapes cartoon superheroes. It's everything happening everywhere, seemingly all the time.
"You can't help but reflect the world you're in to some degree," Morales says. "You live in it. These are your references. Even if you don't intentionally drive them in the artwork, you can't help but be influenced by what's around you if you're living life."
"Culture, comic books, animation- ” Kirkman says. “It's all part of an ecosystem drawing on everything."
How ‘Reacher’ Season 3 Compares to the Book
Chet Hanks Gets Serious
‘Paradise’ Will Keep the Mystery Going in Season 2
‘Invincible’ Is Back Sooner Than We Expected
'Daredevil: Born Again' Will Break Your Heart
Here’s When Every Episode of ‘Paradise’ Comes Out
‘Paradise’ Tried to Pull a Fast One
‘Daredevil: Born Again’ Is Finally Here
10 Daredevil Comics That Marvel Fans Need to Read
What To Remember Before ‘Daredevil: Born Again'
How to Watch All 10 Oscars Best Picture Nominees
'The Brutalist' Is the Must-See Epic of 2024
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Want more Men's Health?
DATE: 
URL: https://menshealth.com/email/menshealth-newsletter
CONTENT:
By signing up, I agree to the Terms of Use (including the dispute resolution procedures) and have reviewed the Privacy Notice.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: A 60-Year-Old Said This Smoothing $22 Cream ‘Transformed’ Their ‘Wrinkly’ Hands
DATE: By
 Taylor Jeffries
 






 

Taylor Jeffries




 


 

 


 

 


 

 
Taylor Jeffries is a beauty and wellness writer at Shape where she covers the latest products and noteworthy deals from various retailers. Before joining the team, she worked for a number of beauty and fashion publications.



Shape's editorial guidelines
URL: https://www.shape.com/dermelect-timeless-anti-aging-hand-cream-11689975
CONTENT:
If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.
It also leaves skin feeling like “silk,” per a reviewer.
Shape / Getty
Keeping your hands hydrated can feel like a chore. From frequent hand washing to cold weather, it can feel impossible to maintain soft, smooth hands.  And as you age, dryness only exacerbates the rough and wrinkled texture. Needless to say, your best bet is a hand cream that can tackle more than just dryness. Enter the Dermelect Timeless Anti-Aging Daily Hand Treatment, which is designed to target wrinkles, dark spots, and dryness.
Dermelect
This soothing hand cream taps impressive hydrators like peptides, hyaluronic acid, and collagen to plump, smooth, and increase elasticity. “While collagen provides a structural buttress to the skin, elastin and hyaluronic acid give the skin springback abilities,” Dr. Serena Mraz, M.D., previously told Shape. Plus, the addition of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) also improves tightness in skin. Meanwhile, this non-greasy lotion is rich in antioxidants (due to papaya and a gooseberry extract) to further protect from free radicals that cause skin aging — though papaya also has exfoliating and skin-brightening benefits.
But don’t just take the brand’s word for it — reviewers also noticed improvements in the look and feel of their hands. “It has diminished my dark spots and smoothed the skin on my hands making them look and feel soft and youthful,” said a shopper. A 60-year-old user similarly said the product “transformed” their skin from “wrinkly to smooth,” while a 70-year-old user raved that their hands looked younger “immediately.” Other fans remarked that the anti-aging hand cream leaves their skin feeling like “silk” and “incredibly soft” with “minimal lines.”
Rejuvenate your hands’ appearance with this $22 formula that treats dryness, wrinkles, and dark spots. Shop the Dermelect Timeless Anti-Aging Daily Hand Treatment along with more similar skin-enhancing products, below.
Amazon
Amazon
Amazon
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: The Best Compression Leggings That Fitness Experts Love — Including Some From a Taylor Swift-Approved Brand
DATE: and
 Madison Barber
 






 

Madison Barber




 


 

 


 

 


 

 
Madison Barber is a writer for Shape. She is an avid online shopper and dedicates her free time to researching new brands and great deals in the fashion, beauty, and lifestyle spaces—both habits help inform her choices for the products she raves about in her roundups.



Shape's editorial guidelines
URL: https://www.shape.com/fitness/gear/best-compression-leggings
CONTENT:
We independently evaluate all of our recommendations. If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.
These leggings provide your lower body with a gentle hug and help you recover faster.
Kristen was the previous Senior Commerce Editor at Shape. She has experience in copywriting and digital marketing, and she's an award-winning writer who works with B2C clients in health and wellness.
In This Article
Shape / Jaclyn Mastropasqua
Not all workout leggings are created equal — compression leggings are a prime example. These bottoms are designed to hug the body like a second skin, creating slight constriction without affecting your movement. “Compression provides heat and stimulation to the muscle, which increases blood flow and oxygenation to improve metabolism,” says Dr. Stephen Liu, chairman, co-founder, and CEO of Forme, the performance clothing company loved by the likes of Taylor Swift.
In addition to benefiting your form and muscle stimulation, the best compression leggings out there are also known to look pretty fantastic when they're on. All of this is why it's worth keeping a few pairs in your closet.
To find the most spectacular options, Shape editors tested a slew of compression leggings that fitness experts love, from high-level pairs to less compressive everyday styles, narrowing down the best of the best for various workout types. Whether you prefer relaxing yoga to marathon training or desire different levels of compression from the diverse range of exercises you're partial to, a pair of compression leggings exists for every person, style, and movement type. Read on to discover Shape editors' top picks, many from beloved active brands like Lululemon, Spanx, and Nike.
Thick waistband with strong hold and lift
High-rise fit
Sweat-wicking performance fabric
May want to size up for comfort due to tightness
Sizes: XS-3X
While other compression leggings aim to help you achieve workout-related benefits like reduced soreness and inflammation, Spanx also wants you to look good with its Booty Burst Active 7/8 Leggings. Testers rave about this style because of its high-rise, contoured waistband that lifts your butt, providing it with a sculpted, smoothed-out appearance that can give you a burst of confidence while working out at the gym, going on a power walk, or even just running errands around town. Plus, its high-quality performance fabric seamlessly wicks sweat, making it ideal for workouts ranging from hot yoga to intense outdoor runs, and it will remain breathable the entire time.
One detail to note is that these leggings can feel a little tight around the waist at first, which speaks to the excellent compression level you'll get from these under-$100 leggings. However, if you know this factor will make you feel just a tad too uncomfortable so that you won't be able to focus on anything else, consider ordering up a size. You'll still get great compression without any restrictive feel. Also, if you're partial to full-length leggings, check out this version of the Spanx Booty Boost Leggings.
Size inclusive
Petite, regular, and tall lengths
Great value for under $35
Light compression level
Sizes: XS to 4XL
Old Navy’s High-Waisted PowerSoft Leggings are a steal at under $35 (even less with markdowns). If you can’t resist a bargain, these leggings won’t disappoint, proving that brands don't have to sacrifice quality for lower prices. Barber continues to be a huge fan of Old Navy activewear, calling the brand's leggings "reliable, shockingly durable, and just as cute as high-end athleisure brands. If you refuse to splurge on compression gear, consider this pair your new holy grail. They feature a high elastic waist and soft, moisture-wicking material with lighter compression compared to other legging styles mentioned. The polyester fabric ensures it wicks sweat well, while the almost 30% spandex promises comfortable stretch as well.
Shape editors love the extensive size range, offering tall and petite sizes alongside a regular size range from XS to 4X. Plus, this style comes in various colors and patterns, including animal prints and camo.
Targeting compression for additional support
Sweat-wicking fabric
Multiple styles and colors available
Size range could be more extensive
Sizes: S-XL
Fanka's Body Sculpt Leggings convinced skeptics of all the glory that comes with finding the best compression leggings for your workouts. "For the first time in a long time, my legs experienced less pain after exercise," says Shape writer Maddie Barber, who tested this pair during workouts like a four-mile power walk. "I couldn't believe how good my legs felt." For someone who deals with constant shin splints, knee pain, and other leg-related ailments that flare up during her weekly long walks, this additional compression provided major relief.
Another great aspect of the Body Sculpt Leggings? Its sweat-wicking fabric. "These pull moisture off your skin like few other pairs I've tried," says Barber. Additionally, the brand offers various colors, with or without a pocket, and in full-length, 7/8-length, capri-length, and biker short-length.
Pocket that can hold a phone
Easy to take on and off
Extensive size range
Adjustable waistband
Petite and tall sizes available
Come in a full-length size as well
Sizes: XXS-3X (regular, tall, and petite sizes available)
For more high-impact workouts like running and cycling, Shape editors prefer this particular Athleta pair, which offers the brand's highest level of compression. "They're a solid pair of running leggings that never fail me on a long run," says Summer Cartwright, Shape's senior commerce editor and marathon runner. "They don't fall down, even during interval training, and they somehow keep my legs warm in the winter and not overly toasty during the spring or fall." This is likely because the waistband also has a hidden adjustable tie that offers supreme support in the stomach and abdomen areas, helping the pair remain secure on your body while exercising, so you won't worry about adjusting them throughout high-intensity and high-impact workouts.
What's more? The design includes a pocket large enough for a phone but conspicuous enough that it won't add bulkiness (ideal for storing your phone and keys on a run). They're also not a pain-and-a-half to put on or take off.
"These are the most compressive leggings in my closet that actually easily comes on and off of my body before and after a workout," says Barber.
Graduated compression for better circulation
Anti-odor
Seamless fabric
Narrow waistband
Sizes: XS-XL
If high-compression leggings are your go-to, the Ultra Compression Women’s Recovery Leggings by Zensah won’t disappoint. Zensah emphasizes compression and seamless construction, so you know that they won't mess around when it comes to providing a perfectly tight fit. This style features 'muscle-mapped ribbing' and graduated compression, stimulating the muscles to recover faster after a workout. They’re seamless for total freedom of movement without pesky chafing. Plus, no matter how sweaty the workout, the breathable material (a blend of polyamide and elastane) wicks moisture and odor away before it seeps in. As a side note, the brand’s apparel is manufactured with near zero waste.
Targeted compression zones for runners
Breathable ventilation for cooling
Fits true to size
Sizes and colors are limited
Sizes: 0-14
Serious runners know the impact a good pair of compression leggings can have on your run — they can mean the difference between a PR and stopping every 5k to yank up your waistband. Lululemon’s SenseKnit High Rise Running Tights (which we reviewed in full here) were designed with runners in mind and crafted with targeted compression and breathable ventilation so you don’t overheat. They also run true to size, which takes the guesswork out of shopping for compression leggings. Like the brand's top-rated workout shorts, they felt like a second skin on our legs, and we especially appreciated that they still held their shape after multiple uses and washes.
However, they’re not necessarily for shoppers looking for a steal — Lululemon makes splurge-worthy clothes, considering the premium quality and high-performing products. Also, the size range for this style is limited compared to the rest of their leggings.
6 pockets
Medium compression is comfy and versatile
Won't ride up
Top of waistband prone to curling
Sizes: XS-2XL
For a not-too-tight, not-too-light level of compression, the Nike Go Firm-Support Leggings offer just the right amount of support (and they’re Shape editor-approved, too). They’re crafted with Nike’s InfinaLock fabric, a sleek, midweight material that’s strong enough to stay in place but light enough that you can move around without feeling restricted. Want proof? “I wore the Nike Go leggings for a day-long fitness photo shoot, followed by a workout,” says Kristen Geil, NASM-certified personal trainer. “During the photo shoot, I was on the move: squatting, moving equipment, repositioning lights, and doing everything short of actually working out myself. I felt like I was able to do everything I needed on set, without stressing out about my leggings riding up or down in an awkward way.” You’ll also appreciate the multiple pockets, the extra-wide waistband, and the internal drawstring for adjustability.
However, the waistband on these compression leggings tends to roll down a tad after repeated use. It didn’t both us during our many tests, but it’s worth flagging.
Supportive and adjustable high waistband
Six pockets
Moisture-wicking
Sizing runs somewhat small
Sizes: XXS-XXL
If you prefer leggings with high waistbands, Nike Go Women’s Firm-Support High-Waist Leggings may be the anti-rolling, anti-pinching, and anti-sliding leggings of your dreams. An extra-wide waistband with an included adjustable drawcord ensures everything is snugly held in place, which works magic alongside the InfinaLock compressive fabric. Six pockets — two at the side, three drop-ins, and one zip pocket at the thigh — afford you plenty of storage options. Plus, there’s no worry about your phone (or you!) being drenched in sweat as Nike’s Dri-FIT technology wicks moisture away for quick evaporation. Plus, the 7⁄8 length will see you through warmer and chillier seasons.
Designed to improve posture and alignment
Pliant fabrics engage core and glutes
No pockets
Sizes: XS-XXL
If you appreciate the science behind why people wear compression leggings for workouts, you'll equally love hearing how Forme's Sculpt+ Leggings function. The 3D waistband alignment technology (which is patent-pending, BTW) has several layers of pliant fabrics that engage your core, glutes, and spine to improve your posture, stability, and mobility. The result? Reduced hip and lower back pain, less stiffness, and faster recovery. The compression is mostly in the waistband area, and the fit in the legs is snug but comfortable. Another interesting note? Forme’s leggings are FDA-registered in the spine brace category, so you can purchase them with your FSA or HSA (although a prescription may be required).
While the Sculpt+ Leggings have slightly higher price tags than other options on the market, they're worth the splurge if you're willing to gain extra benefits from your compression leggings.
Adjustable drawstring
Fabric is flexible and "snaps back" after multiple washes
Single side pocket is small
Sizes: XXS-XXL
An adjustable drawstring is vital to getting the elusive perfect-fitting compression leggings, but the fabric should also have the right blend of support and flexibility as a finishing touch. Sweaty Betty's Power Workout Leggings are buttery soft and more lightweight than other compression leggings for a barely-there feel, and the elastane and polyamide fabric makeup proves durable enough to stand up to multiple washes and wears. This style prides itself on its ability to snap back into shape, retaining the leggings' glove-like fit.
While Shape editors favor this pair, they wish the included left side pocket offered more space for larger essentials like an iPhone. However, for anyone who likes to key a house key or single credit card on hand for quick outdoor workouts, the waistband has a tiny back zip pocket for storing those items.
Fast drying
Four-way stretch fabric moves with you during squats and lunges
Two side drop-in pockets
Last for years
Runs a little small
Sizes: 0-20
Lululemon’s Wunder Train Leggings are ultra-popular among the gym crowd thanks to their fast-drying, medium-compression fabric that prevents pesky sweat marks. The four-way stretch moves with you during every squat and lunge, and the added Lycra helps the leggings spring back into shape after multiple washes and wears. It's important to note the major upgrade this Lululemon style has over the traditional Wunder Train tights: pockets. Each pair of leggings has two side drop-in pockets that comfortably secure your phone in place, plus a hidden pocket in the waistband for your must-haves (think: credit card or house key).
As for sizing, keep in mind that if you’re between sizes or usually find Lululemon leggings to run small, definitely size up. These leggings feel tighter than others if you're not used to sporting this pair, but the upside is that they stay locked in place through every movement.
And while the price is up there, know that what you're buying will last for a long, long time. "I have had my Wunder Trains for a decade — I'm not kidding," says Cartwright. "I first got them as a freshman in college and now I have a fully developed frontal lobe, contribute to my 401k, and somehow they're still in my regular leggings rotation and have minimal wear and tear."
Opaque and thick fabric
Inclusive sizing
Included pocket
Color options change often
Sizes: XXS-6XL
Shape editors, first and foremost, love Girlfriend Collective for its standout ethos. The brand's clothing uses recycled materials, and it promotes both circular fashion with a recycling program for used clothing and size inclusivity with a size range that goes from XXS to 6X. With this, it's an added bonus the Girlfriend Collective also makes the best compression leggings for those who prefer light compression. The stitching makes these leggings feel structured (but not stiff), and the material is thick enough for colder weather. The brand also offers different inseam options to fit different heights.
"I wear these on long walks through the park, to the gym, to SoulCycle, and barre classes," says Barber. "This pair offers enough compression to feel supported through all these workouts and feels truly like a second skin. Plus, you can't beat the pocket and the cute color options."
Soft and stretchy
UPF 40+
Quick drying features
Light compression
Sizes: XS to 3X
The Athleta Salutation Stash ⅞ leggings (our favorite Athleta leggings) may quickly become your favored yoga leggings, offering a hint of compression to level up your low-impact movements. This style uses the brand's signature soft, stretchy, and breathable Powervita fabric, which uses recycled polyester and lycra and offers UPF 40+ protection so you can safely take your workout outdoors if need be. Plus, if you prefer more intense sculpt yoga classes or are partial to CorePower or other hot yoga studios, you can trust that the style's moisture-wicking, quick-drying features will keep you dry against perspiration. The waistband is high-rise to hold you in place during flows, while side pockets allow you to stash your must-haves to and from class.
Light compression is ideal for everyday causal wear
Lots of color options
Extensive size range
Regular and tall options available
Sizes: XXS-XXXL
While you may reserve your compression leggings for workouts, the comfort Adanola's Ultimate Leggings provides ensures you can wear them during all everyday activities, not just your trip to the gym. The simple, sleek design, which comes in over ten colors, easily pairs with any athleisure in your closet, creating the ideal casual look for running errands, grabbing coffee, or stopping to get breakfast on your way home from a workout. This pair isn't so compressive that you feel constricted when not working out, yet it's enough so your legs and butt feel supported and get that sculpted look for a boost of confidence when you're strutting through the aisles of the grocery store or walking the dog.
Barber loves these leggings, explicitly praising their "stretchy, super-soft feel" and "stylish design that makes [her] look and feel put-together despite being in a pair of compression leggings." Plus, the brand boasts a squat-proof fabric, so when you do wear these for actual exercise, you won't have to worry about anything showing through.
Mid-rise waistband offers secure fit
Graduated compression for better blood flow
Smaller size range
Sizes: XS to XL
If high waistbands are not your flow, the 2XU Women's Mid-Rise Compression Tights may be the one for you — even more so if hardcore workouts are your forte. Made from the brand’s signature PWX (power weight flex) fabric, they’re designed to blend compression and flexibility to give you the most from a workout. The material is moisture-wicking to keep the leggings from sticking from sweat, and Shape editors love how the waistband sits perfectly below your belly button while staying firmly in place with its signature elastic powermesh fabric. They also keep your blood flowing with graduated compression that tapers further up the leg.
Material designed to support joints
Multi-directional stretch fabric
Runs slightly small, so you may need to size up
Sizes: XS-XL
If you’re motivated by heavy weight lifting and high-impact workouts, your joints may find relief with the CW-X Stabilyx Joint Support 3/4 Compression Tight. The leggings are designed with the brand’s EXO-stretch body fabric and EXO-WEB support panel. This acts like kinesiology tape to target and support your joints, including knees and hips, and improve movement biomechanics. This includes the waistband for pelvic and lower back support (plus, it conceals a slip-in pocket). Thanks to the multi-directional stretch fabric, you'll be able to move freely in all directions, too — so no excuse to skip the box jumps!
Kristen Geil was previously a senior editor at Shape. Throughout her 7+ years in the fitness industry, she’s tried hundreds of leggings for every workout you can imagine. She led Shape’s Fitness Awards, which featured an entire category dedicated to the best activewear picks, and she’s a NASM-certified personal trainer.
Madison Barber is a Shape writer and updated this article in 2024 with her personal favorite compression leggings picks, including options from beloved brands like Athleta and Girlfriend Collective.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: The Top 20 Weight-Loss Foods That Won't Leave You Feeling Hungry
DATE: By
Charlene Pors
URL: https://www.shape.com/weight-loss/food-weight-loss/best-weight-loss-foods
CONTENT:
Looking to shed some lbs? Each of these delicious whole foods has been shown to help you lose weight for one reason or another. Learn more about the health benefits of these weight loss foods, and why you should be adding them to your diet.
Forget the bad rap—milk has a ton of health benefits and helping you lose weight is just one of them. Just three servings of low-fat milk per day (along with reducing overall calorie intake) can help you lose more fat than just healthy eating without the milk, according to research published in Nutrition, Metabolism and Cardiovascular Diseases.
Bonus: Milk can help preserve your muscle mass as well. These benefits, plus its protein and calcium content, brings milk to the top of any list of foods for weight loss.
This green powder isn't just delicious, it's also got major slimming powers. Green tea matcha powder is made by grinding green tea leaves together, and it's rich in epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG), a type of antioxidant that has been linked with many health benefits, including weight loss. A recent study found that women who drank four cups of matcha tea per day saw enhanced fat oxidation during 30 minutes of brisk walking, which can help reduce adipose tissue. The good news: You don't have to resign yourself to drinking expensive matcha lattes every day. There are many other genius ways to use and eat matcha.
Pears are a delicious and juicy fruit containing numerous vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. Just one medium pear contains 6 grams of dietary fiber or 24 percent of your total daily needs. Fiber is what keeps you full for longer, curbing cravings throughout the day so you don't end up overeating. They're yummy raw, but pears are surprisingly versatile in the kitchen.
Almonds are actually among the lowest-calorie nuts and offer good amounts of calcium, healthy fat, protein, and fiber. Their satiating power makes them a good choice for a smart diet snack, and science backs that up. One study found that swapping 15 percent of your total calories for almonds results in greater loss of abdominal fat than a diet without nuts. Just remember that a little goes a long way—a small handful of almonds is plenty to do the trick.
Water could be your weight-loss secret weapon. Not only is it calorie-free, but it can help keep you full and give a slight boost to your metabolism. Keep a water bottle close by to stay hydrated throughout the day and so you can reach for it instead of that bag of pretzels when you're feeling hungry or bored.
Chili peppers contain an active compound called capsaicin, which causes that burning feeling in your mouth. Capsaicin also has major slimming powers, boosting your metabolism while lowering your appetite. All of which make it a fiery superfood that deserves a place in your meals.
You probably already know that protein is key to weight loss, but do you know why? Protein helps preserve your muscle mass and increases fullness, and your body uses more energy to break it down—that means more calories burned. The key thing here is keeping your protein lean. This will help limit the added calories from fat as well as the saturated fat content. Good options include red meat with little visible fat or marbling, skinless chicken breast, and ground turkey.
Eat beans, lose weight? Yep, that's according to a recent review in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition. Researchers found that a diet with about one serving of pulses a day resulted in a significant weight loss compared to diets without it. Beans make up the pulses family, along with chickpeas, lentils, and dry peas. They're a good source of both fiber and protein. (More: The Most Popular Types of Beans — and All Their Health Benefits)
Rye bread made from rye grains has a distinctive earthy flavor. It's been shown to lower both blood sugar and cholesterol thanks to the high fiber and low glycemic index rating. What's more, an article in the Nutrition Journal compared two studies and found that whole-grain rye lowers hunger, increases fullness, and more effectively decreases the desire to eat compared with refined wheat bread.
You don't have to drink bulletproof coffee for your morning cup of java to become a fat burner. Coffee contains caffeine, which acts as a stimulant to the central nervous system. The caffeine may also help you burn more fat when you work out. Coffee also increases body heat, which results in more calories burned.
Oats are a whole grain rich in various vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. They also contain large amounts of beta-glucan. When this type of water-soluble fiber dissolves, it creates a thick gel-like substance in your gut. This is why fiber is so good at keeping you full. You'll want to choose the plain oats versus those heat-and-eat flavored packets that can be loaded with hidden sugars. Plus, a bowl of savory oatmeal is always going to be a better choice than sugary dry cereal. Research has actually found that eating oatmeal for breakfast helps you feel full and decreases calorie consumption later in the day—a win-win for weight loss.
You've likely heard it before: Leafy greens like romaine, spinach, and red leaf lettuce are perfect additions to a weight-loss diet. That's because they're low in calories and high in fiber, while also working as the base for incredible filling salads. When crafting a green (or a grain bowl), be sure to watch out for high-calorie toppings such as nuts and seeds, cheese, or creamy dressings. If added in excess, these can derail the slimming powers of any lettuce blend.
Like meat, soy is considered a "complete protein," which means it contains all the essential amino acids you need for optimal health. Soy is available in many forms, such as tofu, edamame, soy milk, and roasted soy nuts. Soy has also been found to be just as effective as a high-protein meat-based diet at curbing appetite. Just limit yourself to less than three servings each day—something most people won't need to worry about anyway. Fall deeper in love with soy foods with this crispy tofu taco recipe.
These deliciously orange (and purple!) spuds are a good source of vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. Sweet potatoes are also high in water, and just one cup of diced sweet potato contains 4 grams of fiber (lots of it is in the skin, so refrain from peeling) and only 114 calories. It's easy to see why they made this top list of weight-loss foods.
Fruit is an important part of any weight-loss plan. Even though fruit contains simple sugars (some varieties more so than others), most fruits are low in calories, rich in phytochemicals, and good sources of fiber, which is why research connects eating fruit with a lower risk of weight gain and obesity. Aim for two to four servings of fruit each day, but hold the cold-pressed juice. Even though it's made from fruit, juicing fruit strips it of its filling fiber, leaving mostly just the sugar, which can lead to weight gain.
You probably think of salmon as the heart-healthy fish that's full of omega-3s and 6s and that you're probably not getting enough of it. This fatty fish can also help you lose weight. Omega-3s have been shown to decrease inflammation, increase calorie burn, and reduce appetite, all of which work to promote weight loss. Try to get at least two servings of fatty fish each week—a pretty reasonable tweak to most diets.
Don't be fooled by their size—these tiny seeds pack a lot of punch. Chia seeds are rich in vitamins, minerals, phytochemicals, and omega-3 fatty acids. Two tablespoons contain 40 percent of your total daily fiber needs, and by now you know the slimming powers of fiber. A recent study found that adding 2 to 3 teaspoons of chia seeds to a midmorning snack can reduce your desire to eat sugary foods as the day goes on.
Yogurt—creamy, delicious, and healthy—has been shown to increase levels of a glucagon-like peptide (GLP-1), which is a hormone released by the pancreas that works to lower appetite to avoid overeating. Just make sure you opt for plain Greek yogurt instead of those flavored or fruit-on-the-bottom versions that are high in calories and sugar. Greek yogurt has more protein, less sugar, and fewer calories. (Bonus: You can also cook with Greek yogurt.)
Green, oolong, and white tea contain caffeine, which, as you learned with coffee, has metabolism-boosting powers. Certain tea varieties also contain different antioxidants, such as epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG) to promote weight loss. (Discover five types of tea that will help you lose weight.)
No, prunes are not just for making juice to help with digestion. Just five of these naturally sweetened dried plums contain 3.5g of fiber and only 114 calories. Plus, snacking on prunes has been shown to decrease hunger and sugar cravings during meals later. Try 'em raw, or get a little more creative in the kitchen. Prunes are great chopped up in salads, smoothies, and even granola.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Fans Call This Shampoo From a Martha Stewart-Used Brand a ‘Miracle’ for ‘Lifeless’ Hair
DATE: By
 Taylor Jeffries
 






 

Taylor Jeffries




 


 

 


 

 


 

 
Taylor Jeffries is a beauty and wellness writer at Shape where she covers the latest products and noteworthy deals from various retailers. Before joining the team, she worked for a number of beauty and fashion publications.



Shape's editorial guidelines
URL: https://www.shape.com/oribe-shampoo-for-magnificient-volume-11690657
CONTENT:
If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.
It “quadrupled” the volume of one shopper’s strands.
Shape
Any good blowout leaves you with a bouncy, full look that can last for days. While it will save you time styling your own hair and look good, frequent trips to the salon may not exactly be in the budget every month. Fortunately, products like volumizing shampoos make it easy to achieve a salon-worthy blowout at home. Take for instance the Oribe Shampoo for Magnificent Volume, a luxe treatment that leaves users with luscious and stronger locks — plus, Martha Stewart even swears by the brand. In fact, she credits its shampoo and conditioners for giving her “really, really good hair,” per this Airmail interview.
Oribe
Formulated to gently cleanse while creating a thicker-looking appearance, the Oribe volumizing shampoo is recommended for fine or medium hair. Thanks to its body-building polymers that plump up the hair shaft, it leaves a weightless, bouncy volume. The shampoo also contains saw palmetto, which is known to promote hair growth over time. It’s believed that the extract can block dihydrotestosterone (DHT), a hormone that plays a role in hair loss. Dermatologist Michele Green, MD, previously told Shape that studies have shown “promising results with oral and topical saw palmetto, leading to increased hair density, hair count, and overall hair quality.”
And the benefits don’t end there — the thickening shampoo also includes a mix of proteins to balance the scalp and strengthen hair, helping to prevent issues like breakage and split ends. Meanwhile, the volumizing treatment’s other ingredients (coconut oil, watermelon, and moringa oil) boost hydration to improve elasticity, softness, and shine.
Reviewers were impressed with how the Oribe Shampoo transformed their hair’s appearance and texture. One shopper dubbed it a “miracle” for their “lifeless, thinning hair” as it added “bounce and volume.” Meanwhile, a shopper with fine hair raved that “each strand quadrupled in volume” after using the product. Other users similarly shared that their mane is “noticeably fluffier and softer again” as well as filled with “lots of volume.”
The Oribe Shampoo for Magnificent Volume is a great addition if you want to add instant body to your hair with no effort. Shop the $49 rejuvenating shampoo along with more hair-thickening products from the collection, below.
Oribe
Oribe
Oribe
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

