TITLE: Pregnancy and Postpartum
DATE: 
URL: https://www.parents.com/pregnancy-postpartum-5282488
CONTENT:
Get pregnancy and postpartum information you can trust. We'll help you track your pregnancy week-by-week, including how big your baby is today and how your pregnant body is changing. Consult our due date calculator to learn when your baby will arrive. We'll also help you have a healthy, happy pregnancy with our pregnancy-safe workouts and meal plans. You'll learn how to write a birth plan, and we'll tell you what to expect when it comes time to give birth.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: 200+ Nicknames that are Almost As Cute As Your Baby
DATE: By
Lisa Milbrand
URL: https://www.parents.com/baby-names/ideas/200-baby-nicknames-that-are-as-cute-as-your-new-baby/
CONTENT:
When you picked your baby's name, did you already have the cute nicknames lined up too? For many parents, part of the allure of a particular name is all the ways you can shorten it. But when your baby is really little—or still hasn't arrived yet—you will probably pick a nickname that has very little to do with their actual formal name.
It may be a pet name you gave your unborn baby or simply something cute that stuck—like when Duchess Meghan Markle revealed her adorable nickname for baby Archie: Bubba. If you're looking for a cute nickname to call your baby, give one of these options a road test.
Although many baby names are often separated by gender, Parents believes that sex does not need to play a role in selecting names. It's important to choose a name you feel fits your child best.
Some babies score animal-themed monikers for their formal names (think of Alicia Silverstone's Bear—or Cricket and Birdie, the two daughters of actress and talk show host Busy Philipps). If you're looking for a (literal) pet name for your baby, you can pick a cute children's nickname that's related to animals, like one of these fluffy and cuddly options.
These food-themed nicknames for babies are reserved for only the absolutely sweetest babies. (And we know your kiddo's one of them!)
This set of cute children's nicknames will reflect your baby's sunny personality—and you may even be more tempted to use them ironically on those days when they may be more grumpy than happy.
Floral names have been popular for decades, whether you're going for timeless standards like Lily and Rose, or more unique choices like Dahlia or Zinnia. But even if you don't want to give your baby an official floral name, here's a bouquet worth of children's nicknames that reference sweet-smelling florals.
You don't have to stick with the typical cute baby nicknames if you'd rather go with children's nickname that puts them in the spotlight. If your infant is one tough cookie or lights up every room they walk into, consider these nickname options that have a bit of an edge to them.
Whether you want to reflect on how incredibly cute your baby is—or just want a nonsense nickname that's sounds sweet and endearing—these affectionate nicknames for babies might be just the ticket.
Let's face it: Pop culture inspires inspires a lot of baby names today (we're looking at you, parents who are picking Kylo and Khaleesi for your kids). And your pop culture favorites may just inspire a clever nickname for your baby, too. Here are a few cute names to call your baby, inspired by moves, television shows, and more.
Pick your favorite color from the rainbow, and let it inspire cute nicknames for your baby.
No matter what sport you adore, there's a whole slew of cute children's nicknames associated with athletics. So hit one out of the park with these charming nicknames for your future athlete.
Your baby may not be able to leap tall buildings in a single bound (at least not yet), but they're definitely the superhero of your family already. These cool superhero names will show off just how strong and magical your child truly is.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Postpartum depression (PPD)
DATE: 
URL: https://babycenter.com/baby/postpartum-health/postpartum-depression-ppd_227
CONTENT:
Postpartum depression is a treatable maternal mental health condition that affects 1 in 8 moms in the United States. Here are the symptoms to look for, and how you can get help.
Postpartum depression (PPD) is a common and treatable maternal mental health disorder that affects moms after the birth of their baby. Hormone fluctuations and major life changes make it very normal to feel down after you give birth, but PPD is more than just the baby blues. Postpartum depression involves extreme sadness and anxiety, along with a loss of energy, changes in eating patterns, difficulty sleeping, and a lack of connection with your baby.
Postpartum baby blues, which nearly 80 percent of moms experience in the first few weeks after delivery, tend to fade away. PPD stays with you longer, and your sadness and anxiety gets more intense and pervasive.
The difference between PPD and "regular" depression is the timing: Postpartum depression typically occurs during the first year after your baby is born, and it's linked to the unique hormonal changes that occur after childbirth. PPD can begin in the days, weeks, or months after pregnancy – some new moms may even begin to experience depression during pregnancy.
One important thing to remember: Postpartum depression has nothing to do with your fitness as a parent. Even so, it's normal for women with PPD to feel a sense of failure, guilt, or shame – and these emotions often prevent them from seeking help.
Many women with postpartum depression have thoughts like:
You're not a bad mom if you feel this way, and nothing you've done has caused this. PPD is a common – and treatable – condition that affects both first-time moms those with other children.
PPD is just one of a few postpartum mood and anxiety disorders that can affect new moms. Up to one in four women develops one of these disorders within the first six months of delivering.
If you're struggling with feelings of persistent sadness or other worrying symptoms, reach out to your healthcare provider right away so they can help you get support.
It's very common: An estimated 1 in 8 moms develop PPD, according to the CDC. Many experts believe this number is even higher because so many women don't seek treatment, or dismiss their concerns as the baby blues or the normal stressors of being a new mom.
The risk is even higher for new moms of color: Around 1 in 5 Black, Native American, and Asian women may experience symptoms of postpartum depression. Experts connect these disparities to the obstacles that women of color face regarding maternal mental health, including a greater stigma surrounding mental illness and a distrust of the healthcare system. Postpartum depression is also more prevalent in transgender men who keep their reproductive organs and give birth.
Many of the most common postpartum depression symptoms look the same as regular depression symptoms.
You may have postpartum depression if you experience any of these symptoms almost every day:
Other possible signs you might be depressed include:
If you think you might have PPD, this postpartum depression screening can help you self-assess. It's similar to what your provider uses to screen you for depression at your postpartum checkups. It doesn't take the place of a medical visit, but it might help you decide to reach out.
Postpartum depression stems from a combination of hormonal, environmental, and genetic factors that are all beyond your control. There's nothing you do or don't do that causes PPD.
When you're pregnant, your estrogen and progesterone levels skyrocket. Within a day of giving birth, these hormones drop to pre-pregnancy levels. That sudden shift – similar to the hormonal swings you might feel before your period but magnified – play a role in PPD developing.
For some women, a drop in your thyroid hormone levels – which also happens after giving birth – can cause postpartum thyroiditis, with symptoms similar to those of depression. This condition usually shows up four to 12 months after delivery. Your provider can do a blood test to tell if your thyroid is causing your symptoms and prescribe thyroid medicine if necessary. It's helpful to let your provider know if thyroid disease runs in your family.
Other factors that contribute to the development of PPD include physical exhaustion after giving birth, sleep deprivation, and the emotional roller coaster of becoming a parent.
This varies from mom to mom. The timetable depends on many factors, including:
Some women respond quickly to treatment for postpartum depression, while other women continue to struggle with symptoms for months or more than a year after giving birth. Women with untreated PPD may have chronic depression for even longer.
The best way to ensure you recover from postpartum depression quickly is to be evaluated by a mental health professional and start on a treatment plan as soon as possible.
Every new mom is at risk for PPD, but some women have a higher risk because of:
Other risk factors include:
Remember that these risk factors don't actually cause PPD. Many women with multiple risk factors will never experience clinical depression or anxiety, while others with just one risk factor (or even none) end up with a diagnosis of postpartum depression.
Yes. Dads and partners can experience PPD, too. Up to 10 percent of new dads have symptoms of depression, most often in the first three to six months after their baby's birth.
A father also goes through some hormonal changes during his partner's pregnancy. For one, testosterone levels drop to help dads bond with their newborn. Those hormones can lead to PPD symptoms occurring. Additionally, the lack of sleep new parents get in those first few months can make depression symptoms worse.
The partners at highest risk for depression are those with:
Postpartum depression in fathers looks a bit different than it does in mothers. In addition to the typical symptoms, fathers may experience irritability, indecisiveness, and a lack of emotion.
Because depression can affect any new parent's ability to bond with and care for their baby, it's not just moms who need help for postpartum depression. Dads and other partners can also benefit from being screened and potentially treated by a mental healthcare provider.
Postpartum depression treatment is the same as treatment for depression that happens before or during pregnancy. The most common treatments are talk therapy, antidepressant medication, or both, depending on your symptoms. While you may feel embarrassed, remember that seeing a therapist or a psychiatrist or taking medication doesn't make you weak. It shows that you're willing to do what's necessary to keep you and your baby healthy.
Also called counseling or psychotherapy, talk therapy can take place one-on-one with a mental health therapist or in a group setting with other women who are going through a similar experience. In couples or family therapy, a therapist works with you and your partner or relatives. Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is a type of therapy that helps you recognize and change the unhealthy thoughts that are making you unhappy.
Prescription medications can help balance the brain chemicals that regulate your mood. Different types of antidepressants work in different ways – sometimes they're combined to improve results.
While small amounts of antidepressant medication do pass through your breast milk, most selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) are considered a safe option for breastfeeding women with depression. Monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) and bupropion (Wellbutrin) are riskier.
A newer medication called brexanolone (Zulresso) is the first drug to be approved specifically for postpartum depression. Because this medicine comes as an IV that you receive over a period of two-and-a-half days, you'll need to visit a medical clinic or hospital. Though it starts to work quickly, within a couple of days, Zulresso may not be safe to take while you're breastfeeding. If you're breastfeeding, your provider can help you find an antidepressant that's safe for your baby.
Antidepressants take time to work: You may need to take one for six to eight weeks before you see improvement. The response to different antidepressants can vary from person to person, so don't be discouraged if there's some trial and error before finding the right medication and dose.
Antidepressants can cause side effects, but most resolve after a short time. If you experience side effects that interfere with your daily life, your depression gets worse, or you think your medication is affecting your baby, let your healthcare provider know right away. Stopping the medication on your own could cause your depression symptoms to return.
For more details on specific medications, learn more about medication while breastfeeding.
In addition to getting professional help, here are some ways to take care of yourself when you're dealing with postpartum depression:
Research indicates that transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), a noninvasive brain stimulation technique, may be effective for women with postpartum depression who haven't found help from medication. Magnetic fields (similar to those used in MRIs) are used to target areas of the brain that are related to depression. TMS does require daily treatments, so it may not be convenient for some new moms, but it seems to be safe.
Some women have very severe postpartum depression or postpartum psychosis that doesn't respond to talk therapy or medication. In this case, a healthcare provider may suggest electroconvulsive therapy. With ECT, small electrical currents are passed through the brain while the person is under general anesthesia. Experts believe this electrical stimulation causes chemical changes in the brain that relieve depression symptoms.
If you're struggling with feelings of persistent sadness or other symptoms of postpartum depression, it's important to reach out to your healthcare provider right away so that you can get help. They'll do a postpartum mood screening and refer you to a mental health professional for further evaluation and treatment, if needed.
There's no shame in asking for what you need, and you are far from alone. Untreated depression can be lonely, confusing, and even scary. Getting help and starting to feel better can spark or rekindle the joy of motherhood. Treatment provides an opportunity to understand what's causing your depression, as well as give you the support you need to recover.
It's also important to get treated for your baby's sake. Having a mother who has untreated postpartum depression is linked to a variety of potential social, emotional, and behavioral problems for children, as well as possible language and learning delays.
Here are some other resources that can help:
It's very rare that a baby will be taken away from a mother who's struggling with postpartum depression, but this fear prevents many moms with PPD from seeking help. There is the possibility that you might be hospitalized for treatment if your depression is severe or you're thinking of hurting yourself or your baby. This doesn't mean you're unfit to care for your child. It means that you care enough about your family to get help.
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
BabyCenter's editorial team is committed to providing the most helpful and trustworthy pregnancy and parenting information in the world. When creating and updating content, we rely on credible sources: respected health organizations, professional groups of doctors and other experts, and published studies in peer-reviewed journals. We believe you should always know the source of the information you're seeing. Learn more about our editorial and medical review policies.
National Alliance on Mental Illness. 2021. Addressing the Increased Risk of Postpartum Depression for Black Women. https://www.nami.org/Blogs/NAMI-Blog/July-2021/Addressing-the-Increased-Risk-of-Postpartum-Depression-for-Black-WomenOpens a new window [Accessed April 2023]
Ali, Elena. 2018. Women's experiences with postpartum anxiety disorders: a narrative literature review. International Journal of Women's Health. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC5983016/ Opens a new window [Accessed April 2023]
Anderson, Phillip O. 2021. Antidepressants and Breastfeeding. Breastfeeding Medicine. https://www.liebertpub.com/doi/10.1089/bfm.2020.0350Opens a new window  [Accessed April 2023]
American Psychological Association. 2020. What is postpartum depression? https://www.psychiatry.org/patients-families/postpartum-depression/what-is-postpartum-depressionOpens a new window  [Accessed April 2023]
Azhar Y. et al. 2021. Brexanolone. StatPearls. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK541054/Opens a new window [Accessed April 2023]
Balaram K. et al. 2021. Postpartum blues. StatPearls. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK554546/Opens a new window  [Accessed April 2023]
Bauman BL, et al. 2018. Vital signs: Postpartum depression symptoms and provider discussions about perinatal depression — United States, 2018. Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report. https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/69/wr/pdfs/mm6919a2-H.pdfOpens a new window [Accessed April 2023]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: 20 weeks pregnant
DATE: 
URL: https://babycenter.com/pregnancy/week-by-week/20-weeks-pregnant
CONTENT:
You're at the midpoint in your pregnancy – or maybe a little more or less. Most women don't deliver exactly on their due date. You're just as likely to go into labor any day during the two weeks before or after.
From now on, at each prenatal visit your doctor or midwife will measure your belly from your pubic bone to the top of your uterus. This "fundal height" measurement shows how your baby's growing. Starting around 24 weeks, the height in centimeters is about equal to the number of weeks you're pregnant.
Ready to create your baby registries? Our Registry Builder will make the process as stress-free as possible.
If you notice some baby movements that feel like subtle, rhythmic jerking, don't worry – baby hiccups in the womb are totally normal. Many expecting moms start to feel baby hiccups around the same time they feel other fetal movements, typically between 16 and 22 weeks.
Many of your baby's taste buds can now transmit taste signals to their brain, and your baby is swallowing molecules of the food you eat that have passed through your blood into your amniotic fluid. Researchers aren't positive whether babies can taste these molecules, but some research indicates that what you eat during pregnancy can influence the foods your baby prefers later.
Learn more about being 20 weeks pregnant with twins.
You may feel especially itchy around your belly and breasts as your skin stretches to accommodate your growing baby. Many expecting moms experience itchy skin at some point. Use cold packs and slather on moisturizer for relief. (Scratching can make it worse!) Get more tips on easing the itch, and find out when itchy skin could signal a problem.
Do you shift around all night trying to find a comfortable sleeping position? These suggestions may help: Lie on your side, with your knees bent and a pillow between your legs. For extra comfort and support, arrange other pillows under your belly and behind your back. You can also try using a pregnancy pillow.
Finally, some enjoyable pregnancy symptoms! You may be noticing you have longer nails and thicker hair at this point. Hair often gets thicker during pregnancy – not because you're growing more, but because estrogen makes the growth phase longer. Basically, you're losing less hair. All the hair you didn't lose during pregnancy will start shedding about three to five months after delivery. It's normal, but postpartum hair loss can come as a surprise. Also, your nails are growing faster than usual now and possibly looking different. Some expecting moms have harder nails, while others find their nails are softer or more brittle.
You're likely to experience some lower back pain in pregnancy. Your growing uterus is putting strain on your back, and the extra weight you're carrying makes your muscles work harder. Plus, your hormones are making your joints and ligaments less stable. Some exercise can help ward off lower back pain: Weight training can help strengthen your core muscles, stretching increases flexibility in the muscles that support your back and legs, and swimming not only strengthens your body but also takes the strain off your joints and ligaments. To cope with lower back pain, try getting a prenatal massage, applying heat or cold, and learning relaxation techniques.
Constipation during pregnancy is common, caused by hormone changes, decreased activity levels, and an expanding uterus. Constipation can cause other problems, too. One of the most common is hemorrhoids, which are swollen veins in the rectum and anus. To ease constipation, drink plenty of water, eat high-fiber foods like whole grains, exercise regularly, and talk to your provider. They may advise you to use a stool softener, take magnesium, or switch prenatal vitamins to one with less iron.
You're going to see your baby's doctor a lot in the first few years. Get some tips on choosing a doctor for your baby, and make sure to pick someone you genuinely connect with. You can ask your ob-gyn or midwife, friends, and relatives for recommendations; then check to see who's covered by your insurance and conveniently located. See if you can meet your top candidates in person – there could be a charge, but insurance may cover it.
You're at the halfway point in your pregnancy, so celebrate! How about a facial, prenatal massage, or pregnancy photoshoot to mark the occasion? If you don't feel like spending money, do something nice for yourself like getting books from the library, going on a beautiful walk, or taking a bubble bath.
At 20 weeks pregnant, some expecting moms find they have a higher sex drive and better orgasms because of increased blood flow and lubrication. For most women, sex during pregnancy is completely safe and beneficial – it helps you stay active, releases hormones that make you happy and relaxed, and facilitates a close bond with your partner. If your belly is starting to get in the way, experiment with pregnancy sex positions that will accommodate your bump.
If you're feeling stressed or having trouble falling asleep because your mind is racing, try writing down everything that's bothering you in a journal. Don't worry about making it neat or well written. The most important thing is to get the worries out of your head and on to the page.
The top of your uterus is about in line with your belly button now, making your belly rounder than ever. As your uterus continues to push against your abdomen, you might find that your belly button flattens or pops out, turning your "innie" into an "outie."
Many pregnant women say their belly button feels weird or uncomfortable. Your belly button is the thinnest part of your abdominal wall, and as your belly grows, your belly button may become more sensitive to the touch. It can even feel unpleasant when clothes rub against it. (However, true belly button pain during pregnancy is unusual and could be a sign of an umbilical hernia.)
After delivery, your belly button will likely return to its regular size and shape, but it may look slightly stretched. Pregnancy changes many parts of our bodies, sometimes temporarily, sometimes permanently.
BabyCenter's editorial team is committed to providing the most helpful and trustworthy pregnancy and parenting information in the world. When creating and updating content, we rely on credible sources: respected health organizations, professional groups of doctors and other experts, and published studies in peer-reviewed journals. We believe you should always know the source of the information you're seeing. Learn more about our editorial and medical review policies.
ACOG. 2024. How your fetus grows during pregnancy. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. https://www.acog.org/womens-health/faqs/how-your-fetus-grows-during-pregnancyOpens a new window [Accessed August 2024]
Cleveland Clinic. 2024. Fetal Development: Stages of Growth. https://my.clevelandclinic.org/health/articles/7247-fetal-development-stages-of-growthOpens a new window [Accessed August 2024]
Mayo Clinic. 2022. Fetal development: The 2nd trimester. https://www.mayoclinic.org/healthy-lifestyle/pregnancy-week-by-week/in-depth/fetal-development/art-20046151Opens a new window [Accessed August 2024]
MedlinePlus (ADAM). 2023. Fetal development. https://medlineplus.gov/ency/article/002398.htmOpens a new window [Accessed August 2024]
Hadlock FP et al. 1991. In utero analysis of fetal growth: A sonographic weight standard. Radiology 181 (1). https://pubs.rsna.org/doi/10.1148/radiology.181.1.1887021Opens a new window [Accessed August 2024]
Hadlock FP et al. 1992. Fetal cross-rump length: Reevaluation of relation to menstrual age (5-18 weeks) with high-resolution real-time US. Radiology 182: 5-1-505. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/1732970/Opens a new window [Accessed August 2024]
Vintzileos AM et al. 1984. The ultrasound femur length as a predictor of fetal length. Obstetrics & Gynecology 64(6): 779-82. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/6390277/Opens a new window [Accessed August 2024]
Hadlock FP 1984. Estimating fetal age: Computer-assisted analysis of multiple fetal growth parameters. Radiology 152: 497-501. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/6739822/Opens a new window [Accessed August 2024]
Marcella Gates is Director of Content Operations at BabyCenter, the world's number one digital parenting resource, and is an expert on pregnancy and parenting. As a mom of three, she loves that her professional life is focused on supporting and empowering parents and expecting parents. Gates lives in the San Francisco Bay Area with her family.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: 6 items you’ll want to have on hand for postpartum recovery
DATE: 
URL: https://babycenter.com/baby/postpartum-health/6-items-you-ll-want-to-have-on-hand-at-home-for-postpartum-r_41002932
CONTENT:
Yes, delivering a baby can indeed be a painful experience. While people often discuss the pain associated with childbirth, they rarely talk about the challenges our bodies face after delivering a baby. Perineal tears are a common reality yet rarely talked about, and hemorrhoids can develop whether from a vaginal birth or a lengthy labor before a C-section. These issues may be uncomfortable to discuss, but they’re nothing to be ashamed of.
It’s important to be prepared to minimize discomfort after giving birth. We talked to Dr. Sasha Hakman, OB-GYN and BabyCenter Medical Advisor, about the six essential items you should have at home to help and comfort you during your postpartum recovery.
1. Postpartum underwear
Whether it’s a C-section or a vaginal delivery, postpartum underwear is a must-have. “Typically, bleeding can be quite heavy immediately postpartum and can last for weeks,” she says. “While this is normal, it’s certainly unpleasant. Postpartum underwear may not be the most flattering, but it really does the trick to hold those extra-large maxi pads in place and they’re actually really comfortable.”
2. TUCKS® Medicated Cooling PadsOpens a new window
These medicated padsOpens a new window, which include witch hazel to soothe and protect irritated areas, are a must if you’ve had a vaginal delivery. According to Dr. Hakman, “They’re helpful for perineal tears, hemorrhoids, and anything in between,” says Dr. Hakman. “This product is absolutely nonnegotiable. Trust me, I tried to go a few hours without when I ran out, and I instantly regretted it!” While the hospital can provide you with a jar, you should purchase additional packs to keep at home, as these will be the first item you’ll run out of due to how soothing and comforting they are.

3. Instant cooling maxi pads
The hospital can provide you with some of these after you give birth, but they usually do not supply enough to last you. It’s a good idea to stock up on cooling maxi pads so you’ll have a stash at home. These pads are incredibly helpful for relieving pain from perineal tearing and hemorrhoids.
4. Peri bottle
A peri (short for perineum) bottle is an angled container you can fill with water to clean the area between your vagina and anus. According to Dr. Hakman it’s critical that you wash the area after every time you use the bathroom to reduce the risk of infection, and promote healing. If you don’t have a peri bottle, but have a bidet at home, that can also work, as long as the water pressure is not too intense.
"Pain relief spray is an incredibly helpful [product] that you can spray directly over the perineum or onto your maxi pad lined with Tucks medicated cooling pads. The combination is golden!" - Sasha Hakman, OB-GYN
5. Pain relief spray
This spray is perfect for new moms. It cools your intimate area and provides quick pain relief. “This is an incredibly helpful spray that you can spray directly over the perineum or on to your maxi pad lined with Tucks medicated cooling pads. The combination is golden!” says Dr. Hakman. “If you’re feeling extra pain from spraying it, check in with your OB-GYN. Sometimes when pain relief spray suddenly stings instead of helping, it could be a sign that things aren’t healing as they should.”

FatCamera/E+ via Getty Images
6. Sitz bath
A shallow bath is a must for the soothing comfort you’ll need after giving birth. With this type of bath, a person sits with their hips and butt submerged in warm water. You can either use your bath tub or invest in a sitz bath tub. Dr. Hakman recommends adding Epsom salt to the bath to promote healing.
Don’t worry; postpartum discomfort doesn’t last forever. Before you know it – and with the help of these effective remedies – you’ll soon feel like yourself again.
This post is sponsored advertising content for TUCKS®Opens a new window.

Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Still look pregnant after birth? It's okay, your postpartum belly is totally normal
DATE: 
URL: https://babycenter.com/baby/postpartum-health/post-baby-belly-how-long-you-might-look-pregnant_1152349
CONTENT:
It's not weird to keep wearing maternity clothes after pregnancy! It takes time for your body to recover.
It comes as a surprise to many new moms: After nine-plus months of pregnancy, you have your baby and … still look about 4 or 5 months pregnant.
"I've been asked if I'm expecting at least six times since I gave birth, and it hurt my heart every time," says BabyCenter Community member Mish00.
Deep breaths: This is to be expected! Imagine your belly as a balloon, slowly inflating as your baby grows. Childbirth doesn't pop that balloon; it starts a slow and steady leak.
While no two women are the same, there are certain postpartum body changes that are pretty standard. Here's how to navigate them, and what to expect.
During pregnancy, your uterus and the ligaments, muscles, and skin around your belly do a lot of stretching – and they don't snap back immediately. When you're holding your new baby in your arms, you'll have a soft, round midsection.
But your body is already changing. The moment you give birth, your uterus starts contracting back to its pre-pregnancy state. The cells in your body that swelled during pregnancy begin to release extra fluid, which your body will expel via pee and postpartum sweating.
It typically takes six to eight weeks for the uterus to return to its pre-pregnancy size, and as the uterus contracts the abdomen will shrink as well. But for some moms, it may take much longer for their post-pregnancy belly to feel "normal" again. Many find that their midsection looks permanently different.
Some postpartum stomach bulges are caused by diastasis recti. Your abdominal muscles naturally separate during pregnancy, but when you develop this common condition, the connective tissue remains separated postpartum.
Your healthcare provider can confirm whether you have diastasis recti and, if needed, refer you to a physical therapist to recommend exercises to help treat it. In some cases, surgery may be necessary to repair the muscles.
The skin on your belly may tell a story, too: Many expecting moms develop a dark line down their abdomen, called the linea nigra, and a web of stretch marks – tiny scars caused by the skin's extensive stretching.
Stretch marks usually become less noticeable six months to a year postpartum, as their pigmentation fades. They become lighter than the surrounding skin (the color will vary depending on your skin tone), but their texture will remain the same. Certain stretch mark creams might help decrease the visibility of your stretch marks over time, but finding a product that works for your skin will take trial and error.
The deeper color of the linea nigra should gradually fade over a year, but it may not completely disappear. (Stretch mark creams won't have any impact on the linea nigra, which is caused by hormonal shifts.)
Finally, if you had a C-section, your incision will take at least six weeks to heal. It will eventually develop into a flatter, lighter C-section scar.
It's very individual, but depends on your weight loss as well as factors such as age, genetics, pregnancy weight gain, and more.
On average, moms experience an initial postpartum weight loss of at least 10 pounds after giving birth, and typically lose half their baby weight by the six-week mark postpartum. After that, weight loss becomes more gradual.
You may have heard breastfeeding helps with losing weight after pregnancy, but the jury's still out. Some studies suggest that breastfeeding might contribute to weight loss, while others have shown small differences in the amount of weight breastfeeding moms lose versus moms who formula-feed.
Even if you're losing weight steadily, it can take many months to get rid of the "pregnancy pouch," and sometimes it never goes away entirely. The "C-section pooch," a term that refers to the belly hanging over a C-section scar, might also be there to stay, though it will typically shrink as your body heals.
In the BabyCenter Community, lots of moms say it took them well over a year to get closer to their pre-pregnancy weight and shape. They stressed taking things slow, getting enough rest, and being kind to yourself.
"At nine months postpartum, I feel good physically and wear mostly all my pre-pregnancy clothing. However, my legs are wider (I'm squeezing into my jeans), my hips feel wider, and my stomach is a bit flabby. I'm assuming these changes are permanent at this point and I'm okay with it," said SereenAnn.
The best advice is pretty basic: A healthy diet and exercise. To lose weight and build strength postpartum, focus on eating nutrient-rich foods and getting active once you're ready. And be patient, says Kristin Cohen, DNP, a certified nurse-midwife, board-certified women's health nurse practitioner, and member of the BabyCenter Medical Advisory Board.
"The process may seem painfully slow at times," says Cohen. "It's important to have realistic expectations and to focus on the things you have control over. It's healthier to be kind to ourselves and patient with our bodies that worked so hard to bring our babies into the world."
First things first: Make sure you've been fully cleared by your ob-gyn or midwife before you jump into a rigorous workout after giving birth (especially if you're exercising after a C-section, so you don't aggravate your incision or trigger potential complications).
You can't spot-reduce fat in your body, including in your stomach area, so don't stress yourself out by cranking out crunches. Instead, aim for 150 minutes of moderate-intensity aerobic exercise per week – this can be anything that boosts your heart rate and helps you work up a bit of a sweat, including brisk stroller walks.
Once you're comfortable with cardio, start adding in some core strengthening exercises to target your deep abdominal muscles. Just 20 minutes of movement a day can help you work toward your weight loss goals and do wonders for your mood, stress levels, energy, and sleep. (If you're struggling to find room in your schedule, here are tips on finding time to exercise as a new mom.)
Start by adding more healthy postpartum foods to your plate. Focus on the good stuff: Colorful fruits and veggies; fiber-rich whole grains; unsaturated and filling fats like avocados and olive oil; and satiating proteins like eggs, legumes, chicken, and tofu.
If you're breastfeeding, wait at least two months before you reduce the amount of food you're eating – losing weight too fast, too soon isn't safe and can mess with your milk supply. (You need roughly 500 extra calories a day to nurse your baby – for a daily total of 2,000 to 2,800 calories.)
Women who aren't breastfeeding generally need 1,600 to 2,400 calories a day to fuel their bodies, but everyone's caloric needs are different depending on age, BMI, and activity level. Talk to your provider for personalized advice. (Also, the U.S. Department of Agriculture provides this handy calorie calculatorOpens a new window that can give you an estimate – and includes pregnancy and breastfeeding status.)
Remember, go slow and steady for healthy postpartum weight loss. Losing more than one pound per week can stress your body and make you feel even more exhausted and cranky.
Postpartum belly wraps aren't proven to help moms lose weight or regain their pre-pregnancy shape. But anecdotally, some women say they help.
And belly wraps have other benefits. Lots of different wraps and bands are available, known for everything from helping with postpartum back pain to supporting the uterus as it returns to its original size. They serve a similar function as postpartum belly binding, a traditional practice that involves wrapping your entire stomach area in a garment to support the abdomen.
Some providers recommend using a postpartum belly band or wrap to help with diastasis recti and other pregnancy-related conditions like pubic symphysis dysfunction.
Just keep in mind that increased pressure on your abdomen can potentially exacerbate any issues you might be having with your pelvic floor muscles after giving birth, says Cohen. It's best to talk to your provider or a pelvic floor physical therapist before using a belly wrap to make sure it makes sense for your body and needs.
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
BabyCenter's editorial team is committed to providing the most helpful and trustworthy pregnancy and parenting information in the world. When creating and updating content, we rely on credible sources: respected health organizations, professional groups of doctors and other experts, and published studies in peer-reviewed journals. We believe you should always know the source of the information you're seeing. Learn more about our editorial and medical review policies.
MerkManual Consumer Version. After Pregnancy and Childbirth (Postpartum): The Body's Return to Normal. https://www.merckmanuals.com/home/multimedia/table/after-pregnancy-and-childbirth-postpartum-the-bodys-return-to-normalOpens a new window [Accessed January 2025]
StatPearls. 2022. Postpartum Care of the New Mother. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK565875/Opens a new window [Accessed January 2025]
American Academy of Dermatology Association. 2022. Stretch Marks: Why They Appear and How to Get Rid of Them. https://www.aad.org/public/cosmetic/scars-stretch-marks/stretch-marks-why-appearOpens a new window [Accessed January 2025]
U.S. National Library of Medicine, MedLine Plus. 2023. Losing Weight After Pregnancy. https://medlineplus.gov/ency/patientinstructions/000586.htmOpens a new window [Accessed January 2025]
US Office on Women's Health. 2021. Recovering From Birth. https://womenshealth.gov/pregnancy/childbirth-and-beyond/recovering-birthOpens a new window [Accessed January 2025]
Jarlenski MP, et al. 2014. Effects of Breastfeeding on Postpartum Weight Loss Among U.S. Women. Preventive Medicine. 69:146-50. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25284261/Opens a new window [Accessed January 2025]
Antonakou A, et al. 2013. Role of Exclusive Breastfeeding in Energy Balance and Weight Loss During the First Six Months Postpartum. Clinical and Experimental Obstetrics & Gynecology. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24597239/Opens a new window [Accessed January 2025]
Elliott SA, et al. 2016. Association Between Breastfeeding, Maternal Weight Loss and Body Composition at 3 Months Postpartum. The FASEB Journal. https://faseb.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1096/fasebj.30.1_supplement.45.4Opens a new window [Accessed January 2025]
Jarlenski MP, et al. 2014. Effects of Breastfeeding on Postpartum Weight Loss Among U.S. Women. Prev Med. https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC4312189/Opens a new window [Accessed January 2025]
Mullaney L, et al. 2015. Breast-Feeding and Postpartum Maternal Weight Trajectories. Public Health Nutrition. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26466770/Opens a new window [Accessed January 2025]
Neville CE, et al. 2013. The Relationship Between Breastfeeding and Postpartum Weight Change—A Systematic Review and Critical Evaluation. International Journal of Obesity. https://www.nature.com/articles/ijo2013132Opens a new window [Accessed January 2025]
John Hopkins Medicine. 2022. 5 Breastfeeding Diet Myths. https://www.hopkinsmedicine.org/health/wellness-and-prevention/5-breastfeeding-diet-mythsOpens a new window [Accessed January 2024]
The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. 2022. Exercise After Pregnancy. https://www.acog.org/womens-health/faqs/exercise-after-pregnancyOpens a new window [Accessed January 2024]
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 2024. Maternal Diet and Breastfeeding. https://www.cdc.gov/breastfeeding-special-circumstances/hcp/diet-micronutrients/maternal-diet.htmlOpens a new window [Accessed January 2024]
University of Rochester Medical Center. After Delivery / Nutrition and Exericse. https://www.urmc.rochester.edu/ob-gyn/obstetrics/after-delivery/nutrition-exerciseOpens a new window [Accessed January 2024]
Cleveland Clinic. 2022. Diastasis Recti. https://my.clevelandclinic.org/health/diseases/22346-diastasis-rectiOpens a new window [Accessed January 2024]
Szkwara, Jaclyn et al. 2019. Effectiveness, Feasibility, and Acceptability of Dynamic Elastomeric Fabric Orthoses (DEFO) for Managing Pain, Functional Capacity, and Quality of Life During Prenatal and Postnatal Care: A Systematic Review. International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health. https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC6651323/Opens a new window [Accessed January 2025]
Gluppe, Sandra et al. 2021. What Is the Evidence for Abdominal and Pelvic Floor Muscle Training to Treat Diastasis Recti Abdominis Postpartum? A Systematic Review With Meta-Analysis. Brazilian Journal of Physical Therapy. https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1413355521000733Opens a new window [Accessed January 2025]
February 5, 2025
Editor: Marcella Gates
Edited to update information and sources. New medical review.

Alisa Hrustic is a health, science, and lifestyle writer, editor, and brand leader with nearly a decade of experience in digital media and service journalism. She's an Iowa native (and a Midwest girl at heart), a bilingual Bosnian American, and a big lover of the outdoors. She currently lives in Brooklyn, New York.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Pregnancy and Parenting News
DATE: 
URL: https://www.whattoexpect.com/news
CONTENT:
The educational health content on What To Expect is reviewed by our medical review board and team of experts to be up-to-date and in line with the latest evidence-based medical information and accepted health guidelines, including the medically reviewed What to Expect books by Heidi Murkoff. This educational content is not medical or diagnostic advice. Use of this site is subject to our terms of use and privacy policy. © 2005-2025 Everyday Health, Inc., a Ziff Davis company.A property of   Opens a new window
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Postpartum Health & Care
DATE: 
URL: https://www.whattoexpect.com/first-year/just-for-mom-postpartum/
CONTENT:
The educational health content on What To Expect is reviewed by our medical review board and team of experts to be up-to-date and in line with the latest evidence-based medical information and accepted health guidelines, including the medically reviewed What to Expect books by Heidi Murkoff. This educational content is not medical or diagnostic advice. Use of this site is subject to our terms of use and privacy policy. © 2005-2025 Everyday Health, Inc., a Ziff Davis company.A property of   Opens a new window
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: I Didn’t Think a VBAC Was for Me — Until My Doctors Changed My Mind
DATE: Latest update: See more
URL: https://whattoexpect.com/pregnancy/labor-and-delivery/vbac-healing-birth-story
CONTENT:
We believe you should always know the source of the information you're reading. Learn more about our editorial and medical review policies.
By Kristyn Hodgdon, as told to Blake BakkilaI have 6-year-old twins, and their birth in October 2018 was very…traumatic. I delivered my daughter Brooke vaginally, and then after pushing for another hour, I was rushed into an emergency C-section to deliver my son Charlie. His heart rate was dropping and doctors made the decision to proceed with a C-section.  I was also treated for a postpartum hemorrhage shortly after delivering. Thankfully, everyone was healthy in the end, but it was far from the birth experience I’d expected.My husband Dan and I wanted to grow our family even more. My twins were IVF babies, and I was so certain I was going to have another successful pregnancy with one of the nine embryos we already had on ice. But after two years, five failed egg transfers and two miscarriages, we still weren’t pregnant and I decided to switch providers for a fresh start. For the next six months, my new doctor suggested I take a hormone holiday. I could reflect and grieve, but I didn’t have to do anything. I had been on the IVF train for so long, and I just needed someone to tell me that it was okay to take a break. Then in January 2024, I did a fresh egg retrieval. Our first transfer the following April stuckI didn't always want to have a VBACKristyn HodgdonI wanted to have a scheduled C-section this time around because I didn't want any more surprises. I know that anything is possible when it comes to birth, but planning for a C-section felt like the best way to go into delivery knowing that my birth plan would be followed exactly as discussed.  However, as my pregnancy progressed, I saw different providers —and many of them said I’d be a good candidate for a vaginal birth after Cesarean (VBAC). This was because I had delivered my daughter vaginally, and having a vaginal delivery before or after a prior C-section improves your chances for a successful VBAC, according to the Mayo Clinic. I learned that a VBAC is traditionally called a "trial of labor after C-section" (TOLAC) because it doesn't always work. In fact, 28% of VBAC attempts are unsuccessful, according to a 2021 study published in the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology. At first I didn’t like these odds. I was traumatized by what I’d gone through with the birth of my son. It felt so out of my control, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again. My doctors’ confidence changed my mind. I was told that my specific odds increased because I had a "proven uterus" (meaning I had delivered vaginally before), so there was a good chance that I could do it again. After these conversations and some additional research, I started to think I really could deliver this baby vaginally. Plus, I knew recovery from a vaginal delivery would be significantly easier than a C-section. So, we changed our plan: At 32 weeks pregnant, I began preparing for a potential VBAC.I felt so out of control during my first birth, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again.Kristyn HodgdonMy VBAC was hard, but worth itAt my 38-week appointment, one of my favorite OB/GYNs checked my cervix. I was already four centimeters dilated and having minor contractions. She stripped my membranes, a technique that manually separates a baby's amniotic sac from the lower part of the uterus, to try to jumpstart labor.Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
I have 6-year-old twins, and their birth in October 2018 was very…traumatic. I delivered my daughter Brooke vaginally, and then after pushing for another hour, I was rushed into an emergency C-section to deliver my son Charlie. His heart rate was dropping and doctors made the decision to proceed with a C-section.  I was also treated for a postpartum hemorrhage shortly after delivering. Thankfully, everyone was healthy in the end, but it was far from the birth experience I’d expected.My husband Dan and I wanted to grow our family even more. My twins were IVF babies, and I was so certain I was going to have another successful pregnancy with one of the nine embryos we already had on ice. But after two years, five failed egg transfers and two miscarriages, we still weren’t pregnant and I decided to switch providers for a fresh start. For the next six months, my new doctor suggested I take a hormone holiday. I could reflect and grieve, but I didn’t have to do anything. I had been on the IVF train for so long, and I just needed someone to tell me that it was okay to take a break. Then in January 2024, I did a fresh egg retrieval. Our first transfer the following April stuckI didn't always want to have a VBACKristyn HodgdonI wanted to have a scheduled C-section this time around because I didn't want any more surprises. I know that anything is possible when it comes to birth, but planning for a C-section felt like the best way to go into delivery knowing that my birth plan would be followed exactly as discussed.  However, as my pregnancy progressed, I saw different providers —and many of them said I’d be a good candidate for a vaginal birth after Cesarean (VBAC). This was because I had delivered my daughter vaginally, and having a vaginal delivery before or after a prior C-section improves your chances for a successful VBAC, according to the Mayo Clinic. I learned that a VBAC is traditionally called a "trial of labor after C-section" (TOLAC) because it doesn't always work. In fact, 28% of VBAC attempts are unsuccessful, according to a 2021 study published in the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology. At first I didn’t like these odds. I was traumatized by what I’d gone through with the birth of my son. It felt so out of my control, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again. My doctors’ confidence changed my mind. I was told that my specific odds increased because I had a "proven uterus" (meaning I had delivered vaginally before), so there was a good chance that I could do it again. After these conversations and some additional research, I started to think I really could deliver this baby vaginally. Plus, I knew recovery from a vaginal delivery would be significantly easier than a C-section. So, we changed our plan: At 32 weeks pregnant, I began preparing for a potential VBAC.I felt so out of control during my first birth, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again.Kristyn HodgdonMy VBAC was hard, but worth itAt my 38-week appointment, one of my favorite OB/GYNs checked my cervix. I was already four centimeters dilated and having minor contractions. She stripped my membranes, a technique that manually separates a baby's amniotic sac from the lower part of the uterus, to try to jumpstart labor.Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
I was also treated for a postpartum hemorrhage shortly after delivering. Thankfully, everyone was healthy in the end, but it was far from the birth experience I’d expected.My husband Dan and I wanted to grow our family even more. My twins were IVF babies, and I was so certain I was going to have another successful pregnancy with one of the nine embryos we already had on ice. But after two years, five failed egg transfers and two miscarriages, we still weren’t pregnant and I decided to switch providers for a fresh start. For the next six months, my new doctor suggested I take a hormone holiday. I could reflect and grieve, but I didn’t have to do anything. I had been on the IVF train for so long, and I just needed someone to tell me that it was okay to take a break. Then in January 2024, I did a fresh egg retrieval. Our first transfer the following April stuckI didn't always want to have a VBACKristyn HodgdonI wanted to have a scheduled C-section this time around because I didn't want any more surprises. I know that anything is possible when it comes to birth, but planning for a C-section felt like the best way to go into delivery knowing that my birth plan would be followed exactly as discussed.  However, as my pregnancy progressed, I saw different providers —and many of them said I’d be a good candidate for a vaginal birth after Cesarean (VBAC). This was because I had delivered my daughter vaginally, and having a vaginal delivery before or after a prior C-section improves your chances for a successful VBAC, according to the Mayo Clinic. I learned that a VBAC is traditionally called a "trial of labor after C-section" (TOLAC) because it doesn't always work. In fact, 28% of VBAC attempts are unsuccessful, according to a 2021 study published in the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology. At first I didn’t like these odds. I was traumatized by what I’d gone through with the birth of my son. It felt so out of my control, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again. My doctors’ confidence changed my mind. I was told that my specific odds increased because I had a "proven uterus" (meaning I had delivered vaginally before), so there was a good chance that I could do it again. After these conversations and some additional research, I started to think I really could deliver this baby vaginally. Plus, I knew recovery from a vaginal delivery would be significantly easier than a C-section. So, we changed our plan: At 32 weeks pregnant, I began preparing for a potential VBAC.I felt so out of control during my first birth, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again.Kristyn HodgdonMy VBAC was hard, but worth itAt my 38-week appointment, one of my favorite OB/GYNs checked my cervix. I was already four centimeters dilated and having minor contractions. She stripped my membranes, a technique that manually separates a baby's amniotic sac from the lower part of the uterus, to try to jumpstart labor.Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
My husband Dan and I wanted to grow our family even more. My twins were IVF babies, and I was so certain I was going to have another successful pregnancy with one of the nine embryos we already had on ice. But after two years, five failed egg transfers and two miscarriages, we still weren’t pregnant and I decided to switch providers for a fresh start. For the next six months, my new doctor suggested I take a hormone holiday. I could reflect and grieve, but I didn’t have to do anything. I had been on the IVF train for so long, and I just needed someone to tell me that it was okay to take a break. Then in January 2024, I did a fresh egg retrieval. Our first transfer the following April stuckI didn't always want to have a VBACKristyn HodgdonI wanted to have a scheduled C-section this time around because I didn't want any more surprises. I know that anything is possible when it comes to birth, but planning for a C-section felt like the best way to go into delivery knowing that my birth plan would be followed exactly as discussed.  However, as my pregnancy progressed, I saw different providers —and many of them said I’d be a good candidate for a vaginal birth after Cesarean (VBAC). This was because I had delivered my daughter vaginally, and having a vaginal delivery before or after a prior C-section improves your chances for a successful VBAC, according to the Mayo Clinic. I learned that a VBAC is traditionally called a "trial of labor after C-section" (TOLAC) because it doesn't always work. In fact, 28% of VBAC attempts are unsuccessful, according to a 2021 study published in the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology. At first I didn’t like these odds. I was traumatized by what I’d gone through with the birth of my son. It felt so out of my control, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again. My doctors’ confidence changed my mind. I was told that my specific odds increased because I had a "proven uterus" (meaning I had delivered vaginally before), so there was a good chance that I could do it again. After these conversations and some additional research, I started to think I really could deliver this baby vaginally. Plus, I knew recovery from a vaginal delivery would be significantly easier than a C-section. So, we changed our plan: At 32 weeks pregnant, I began preparing for a potential VBAC.I felt so out of control during my first birth, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again.Kristyn HodgdonMy VBAC was hard, but worth itAt my 38-week appointment, one of my favorite OB/GYNs checked my cervix. I was already four centimeters dilated and having minor contractions. She stripped my membranes, a technique that manually separates a baby's amniotic sac from the lower part of the uterus, to try to jumpstart labor.Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
For the next six months, my new doctor suggested I take a hormone holiday. I could reflect and grieve, but I didn’t have to do anything. I had been on the IVF train for so long, and I just needed someone to tell me that it was okay to take a break. Then in January 2024, I did a fresh egg retrieval. Our first transfer the following April stuckI didn't always want to have a VBACKristyn HodgdonI wanted to have a scheduled C-section this time around because I didn't want any more surprises. I know that anything is possible when it comes to birth, but planning for a C-section felt like the best way to go into delivery knowing that my birth plan would be followed exactly as discussed.  However, as my pregnancy progressed, I saw different providers —and many of them said I’d be a good candidate for a vaginal birth after Cesarean (VBAC). This was because I had delivered my daughter vaginally, and having a vaginal delivery before or after a prior C-section improves your chances for a successful VBAC, according to the Mayo Clinic. I learned that a VBAC is traditionally called a "trial of labor after C-section" (TOLAC) because it doesn't always work. In fact, 28% of VBAC attempts are unsuccessful, according to a 2021 study published in the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology. At first I didn’t like these odds. I was traumatized by what I’d gone through with the birth of my son. It felt so out of my control, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again. My doctors’ confidence changed my mind. I was told that my specific odds increased because I had a "proven uterus" (meaning I had delivered vaginally before), so there was a good chance that I could do it again. After these conversations and some additional research, I started to think I really could deliver this baby vaginally. Plus, I knew recovery from a vaginal delivery would be significantly easier than a C-section. So, we changed our plan: At 32 weeks pregnant, I began preparing for a potential VBAC.I felt so out of control during my first birth, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again.Kristyn HodgdonMy VBAC was hard, but worth itAt my 38-week appointment, one of my favorite OB/GYNs checked my cervix. I was already four centimeters dilated and having minor contractions. She stripped my membranes, a technique that manually separates a baby's amniotic sac from the lower part of the uterus, to try to jumpstart labor.Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
Kristyn HodgdonI wanted to have a scheduled C-section this time around because I didn't want any more surprises. I know that anything is possible when it comes to birth, but planning for a C-section felt like the best way to go into delivery knowing that my birth plan would be followed exactly as discussed.  However, as my pregnancy progressed, I saw different providers —and many of them said I’d be a good candidate for a vaginal birth after Cesarean (VBAC). This was because I had delivered my daughter vaginally, and having a vaginal delivery before or after a prior C-section improves your chances for a successful VBAC, according to the Mayo Clinic. I learned that a VBAC is traditionally called a "trial of labor after C-section" (TOLAC) because it doesn't always work. In fact, 28% of VBAC attempts are unsuccessful, according to a 2021 study published in the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology. At first I didn’t like these odds. I was traumatized by what I’d gone through with the birth of my son. It felt so out of my control, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again. My doctors’ confidence changed my mind. I was told that my specific odds increased because I had a "proven uterus" (meaning I had delivered vaginally before), so there was a good chance that I could do it again. After these conversations and some additional research, I started to think I really could deliver this baby vaginally. Plus, I knew recovery from a vaginal delivery would be significantly easier than a C-section. So, we changed our plan: At 32 weeks pregnant, I began preparing for a potential VBAC.I felt so out of control during my first birth, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again.Kristyn HodgdonMy VBAC was hard, but worth itAt my 38-week appointment, one of my favorite OB/GYNs checked my cervix. I was already four centimeters dilated and having minor contractions. She stripped my membranes, a technique that manually separates a baby's amniotic sac from the lower part of the uterus, to try to jumpstart labor.Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
I wanted to have a scheduled C-section this time around because I didn't want any more surprises. I know that anything is possible when it comes to birth, but planning for a C-section felt like the best way to go into delivery knowing that my birth plan would be followed exactly as discussed.  However, as my pregnancy progressed, I saw different providers —and many of them said I’d be a good candidate for a vaginal birth after Cesarean (VBAC). This was because I had delivered my daughter vaginally, and having a vaginal delivery before or after a prior C-section improves your chances for a successful VBAC, according to the Mayo Clinic. I learned that a VBAC is traditionally called a "trial of labor after C-section" (TOLAC) because it doesn't always work. In fact, 28% of VBAC attempts are unsuccessful, according to a 2021 study published in the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology. At first I didn’t like these odds. I was traumatized by what I’d gone through with the birth of my son. It felt so out of my control, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again. My doctors’ confidence changed my mind. I was told that my specific odds increased because I had a "proven uterus" (meaning I had delivered vaginally before), so there was a good chance that I could do it again. After these conversations and some additional research, I started to think I really could deliver this baby vaginally. Plus, I knew recovery from a vaginal delivery would be significantly easier than a C-section. So, we changed our plan: At 32 weeks pregnant, I began preparing for a potential VBAC.I felt so out of control during my first birth, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again.Kristyn HodgdonMy VBAC was hard, but worth itAt my 38-week appointment, one of my favorite OB/GYNs checked my cervix. I was already four centimeters dilated and having minor contractions. She stripped my membranes, a technique that manually separates a baby's amniotic sac from the lower part of the uterus, to try to jumpstart labor.Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
However, as my pregnancy progressed, I saw different providers —and many of them said I’d be a good candidate for a vaginal birth after Cesarean (VBAC). This was because I had delivered my daughter vaginally, and having a vaginal delivery before or after a prior C-section improves your chances for a successful VBAC, according to the Mayo Clinic. I learned that a VBAC is traditionally called a "trial of labor after C-section" (TOLAC) because it doesn't always work. In fact, 28% of VBAC attempts are unsuccessful, according to a 2021 study published in the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology. At first I didn’t like these odds. I was traumatized by what I’d gone through with the birth of my son. It felt so out of my control, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again. My doctors’ confidence changed my mind. I was told that my specific odds increased because I had a "proven uterus" (meaning I had delivered vaginally before), so there was a good chance that I could do it again. After these conversations and some additional research, I started to think I really could deliver this baby vaginally. Plus, I knew recovery from a vaginal delivery would be significantly easier than a C-section. So, we changed our plan: At 32 weeks pregnant, I began preparing for a potential VBAC.I felt so out of control during my first birth, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again.Kristyn HodgdonMy VBAC was hard, but worth itAt my 38-week appointment, one of my favorite OB/GYNs checked my cervix. I was already four centimeters dilated and having minor contractions. She stripped my membranes, a technique that manually separates a baby's amniotic sac from the lower part of the uterus, to try to jumpstart labor.Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
I learned that a VBAC is traditionally called a "trial of labor after C-section" (TOLAC) because it doesn't always work. In fact, 28% of VBAC attempts are unsuccessful, according to a 2021 study published in the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology. At first I didn’t like these odds. I was traumatized by what I’d gone through with the birth of my son. It felt so out of my control, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again. My doctors’ confidence changed my mind. I was told that my specific odds increased because I had a "proven uterus" (meaning I had delivered vaginally before), so there was a good chance that I could do it again. After these conversations and some additional research, I started to think I really could deliver this baby vaginally. Plus, I knew recovery from a vaginal delivery would be significantly easier than a C-section. So, we changed our plan: At 32 weeks pregnant, I began preparing for a potential VBAC.I felt so out of control during my first birth, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again.Kristyn HodgdonMy VBAC was hard, but worth itAt my 38-week appointment, one of my favorite OB/GYNs checked my cervix. I was already four centimeters dilated and having minor contractions. She stripped my membranes, a technique that manually separates a baby's amniotic sac from the lower part of the uterus, to try to jumpstart labor.Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
At first I didn’t like these odds. I was traumatized by what I’d gone through with the birth of my son. It felt so out of my control, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again. My doctors’ confidence changed my mind. I was told that my specific odds increased because I had a "proven uterus" (meaning I had delivered vaginally before), so there was a good chance that I could do it again. After these conversations and some additional research, I started to think I really could deliver this baby vaginally. Plus, I knew recovery from a vaginal delivery would be significantly easier than a C-section. So, we changed our plan: At 32 weeks pregnant, I began preparing for a potential VBAC.I felt so out of control during my first birth, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again.Kristyn HodgdonMy VBAC was hard, but worth itAt my 38-week appointment, one of my favorite OB/GYNs checked my cervix. I was already four centimeters dilated and having minor contractions. She stripped my membranes, a technique that manually separates a baby's amniotic sac from the lower part of the uterus, to try to jumpstart labor.Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
My doctors’ confidence changed my mind. I was told that my specific odds increased because I had a "proven uterus" (meaning I had delivered vaginally before), so there was a good chance that I could do it again. After these conversations and some additional research, I started to think I really could deliver this baby vaginally. Plus, I knew recovery from a vaginal delivery would be significantly easier than a C-section. So, we changed our plan: At 32 weeks pregnant, I began preparing for a potential VBAC.I felt so out of control during my first birth, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again.Kristyn HodgdonMy VBAC was hard, but worth itAt my 38-week appointment, one of my favorite OB/GYNs checked my cervix. I was already four centimeters dilated and having minor contractions. She stripped my membranes, a technique that manually separates a baby's amniotic sac from the lower part of the uterus, to try to jumpstart labor.Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
After these conversations and some additional research, I started to think I really could deliver this baby vaginally. Plus, I knew recovery from a vaginal delivery would be significantly easier than a C-section. So, we changed our plan: At 32 weeks pregnant, I began preparing for a potential VBAC.I felt so out of control during my first birth, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again.Kristyn HodgdonMy VBAC was hard, but worth itAt my 38-week appointment, one of my favorite OB/GYNs checked my cervix. I was already four centimeters dilated and having minor contractions. She stripped my membranes, a technique that manually separates a baby's amniotic sac from the lower part of the uterus, to try to jumpstart labor.Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
So, we changed our plan: At 32 weeks pregnant, I began preparing for a potential VBAC.I felt so out of control during my first birth, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again.Kristyn HodgdonMy VBAC was hard, but worth itAt my 38-week appointment, one of my favorite OB/GYNs checked my cervix. I was already four centimeters dilated and having minor contractions. She stripped my membranes, a technique that manually separates a baby's amniotic sac from the lower part of the uterus, to try to jumpstart labor.Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
I felt so out of control during my first birth, and I didn't want to have to have that experience again.Kristyn HodgdonMy VBAC was hard, but worth itAt my 38-week appointment, one of my favorite OB/GYNs checked my cervix. I was already four centimeters dilated and having minor contractions. She stripped my membranes, a technique that manually separates a baby's amniotic sac from the lower part of the uterus, to try to jumpstart labor.Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
Kristyn Hodgdon
At my 38-week appointment, one of my favorite OB/GYNs checked my cervix. I was already four centimeters dilated and having minor contractions. She stripped my membranes, a technique that manually separates a baby's amniotic sac from the lower part of the uterus, to try to jumpstart labor.Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
Later that night, I woke up with painful and frequent contractions. I was able to go back to sleep for a bit, but I called my doctor first thing the next morning. She said to meet her at the hospital, so we packed up and said goodbye to the twins, who were staying with their grandparents.Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
Once we got to the hospital, my doctor examined me, and I was already 5 centimeters dilated.Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
Over the next few hours, my contractions became increasingly painful. Some time that afternoon, I got an epidural and then my doctor broke my water. It felt like a huge gush of water that never stopped coming. I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
I actually thought the epidural hadn't worked because my contractions were still somewhat painful, and I had horrible back pain. Around 8 p.m., I was 10 centimeters, though, and ready to push. The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
The epidural did work, because at that point I didn't feel a single thing. My baby boy’s heart rate went up a few minutes into pushing. My doctor looked at me and said, “We can do this.”After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
After about the fifth contraction and at exactly 8:21 p.m., my doctor said, "Kristyn, reach down." On the last push, she let me pull my son, Danny, out. Just like I had seen in so many movies, I immediately placed him on my chest, and heard him crying It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
It was the birth I had always dreamed of. Everything went smoothly and I was able to snuggle Danny for those first few moments of his life, which felt so special.A VBAC was my goal — but having my doctor’s support meant moreI felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
I felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
I felt so much peace after I had my VBAC. I was able to get up and walk normally pretty quickly afterward, which was such a blessing. I thought, "Wow, this is why some people just keep having kids."I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
I would have been totally okay with a scheduled C-section, but I'm glad the VBAC worked out.Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
Despite my very valid fears going into the experience, I learned that my past birth didn’t have to dictate what happened with this one. I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
I found providers who would listen, and they kept me in the loop from about all of the decisions they made, like when to break my water and when to take breaks from pushing. I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
I trusted them and that they would let me know if the VBAC wasn't working and we had to change plans. They understood that I didn't want to have another traumatic birth. In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
In turn, I had an empowering delivery. I felt safe and heard during my birthing experience.
Please whitelist our site to get all the best deals and offers from our partners.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: Can My Baby Feel When I Rub My Pregnant Belly?
DATE: Latest update: See more
URL: https://whattoexpect.com/news/pregnancy/fetus-response-mother-rubbing-belly-study/
CONTENT:
We believe you should always know the source of the information you're reading. Learn more about our editorial and medical review policies.
If there’s one thing most pregnant women have in common (and frankly, a few strangers too!), it’s that they can’t keep their hands off their growing baby bumps. For some moms-to-be, constantly touching, patting, rubbing and holding their belly can be soothing. For others, it’s a way to feel close to the baby inside. But no matter the reason, rubbing your belly simply makes you feel good.Want to continue those nice vibes? Read on for the science behind what your baby feels when you rub your belly as well as other sweet ways to bond with your little one during pregnancy.Can my baby feel it when I rub my pregnant belly?Touch is the first sense your baby develops in the womb — even before sight and hearing. In fact, twin babies will regularly interact and touch each other early on in the second trimester. (The ability to detect some noises and changes in light comes a little bit later!)As you rub your belly, you can no doubt find your tot’s little body parts, like his tush (soft, round), his head (hard, round) and limbs that stick out every which way. And as you start feeling all those kicks and flips from the fetus inside you — usually around weeks 18 to 22 — your baby on board will soon feel you too.How do babies react to pregnant belly rubs?The reaction your baby has to pregnant belly rubs is a very positive one, say the experts behind some research that examined a mother’s touch in pregnancy. Researchers performed sonograms on expectant women during the second and third trimesters to track babies’ movements when their mothers spoke, stroked their bellies or laid completely still.The results? The babies moved their arms, heads and mouths more when their mothers touched their bellies than when their moms spoke to them. They also responded to maternal touch earlier in gestation than was previously known, between weeks 21 and 25 of pregnancy. How to bond with your baby during pregnancyIn addition to touching your belly, there are other ways you can forge a strong bond with your baby during pregnancy. Interact with your little one in utero with these easy ideas:Play a tune. Introduce your growing little one to some favorite music while he’s in the womb. He’s able to hear (muffled) sounds by the halfway point in your pregnancy!Chat him up. Describe the weather, explain what you’re working on or just narrate the chores you’re doing. All are small ways to form an attachment from the start and teach baby the sound of your voice.Read a tale. Nope, it’s not too early to instill a love of language. You might be collecting baby board books for your tot’s arrival so crack open a few and read to him now.Start a journal. Keep a book for your baby or write down your thoughts in a diary. You could include pictures of you with a big belly, names you’re considering, medical updates and funny things that have happened during each trimester.Rubbing your growing belly is a gentle and intimate way to connect with your baby and show your love. Stroke it any time you want to bond, need a lift or you have something to communicate, whether it’s an anecdote, a special song or a story you think he’d like.
Want to continue those nice vibes? Read on for the science behind what your baby feels when you rub your belly as well as other sweet ways to bond with your little one during pregnancy.Can my baby feel it when I rub my pregnant belly?Touch is the first sense your baby develops in the womb — even before sight and hearing. In fact, twin babies will regularly interact and touch each other early on in the second trimester. (The ability to detect some noises and changes in light comes a little bit later!)As you rub your belly, you can no doubt find your tot’s little body parts, like his tush (soft, round), his head (hard, round) and limbs that stick out every which way. And as you start feeling all those kicks and flips from the fetus inside you — usually around weeks 18 to 22 — your baby on board will soon feel you too.How do babies react to pregnant belly rubs?The reaction your baby has to pregnant belly rubs is a very positive one, say the experts behind some research that examined a mother’s touch in pregnancy. Researchers performed sonograms on expectant women during the second and third trimesters to track babies’ movements when their mothers spoke, stroked their bellies or laid completely still.The results? The babies moved their arms, heads and mouths more when their mothers touched their bellies than when their moms spoke to them. They also responded to maternal touch earlier in gestation than was previously known, between weeks 21 and 25 of pregnancy. How to bond with your baby during pregnancyIn addition to touching your belly, there are other ways you can forge a strong bond with your baby during pregnancy. Interact with your little one in utero with these easy ideas:Play a tune. Introduce your growing little one to some favorite music while he’s in the womb. He’s able to hear (muffled) sounds by the halfway point in your pregnancy!Chat him up. Describe the weather, explain what you’re working on or just narrate the chores you’re doing. All are small ways to form an attachment from the start and teach baby the sound of your voice.Read a tale. Nope, it’s not too early to instill a love of language. You might be collecting baby board books for your tot’s arrival so crack open a few and read to him now.Start a journal. Keep a book for your baby or write down your thoughts in a diary. You could include pictures of you with a big belly, names you’re considering, medical updates and funny things that have happened during each trimester.Rubbing your growing belly is a gentle and intimate way to connect with your baby and show your love. Stroke it any time you want to bond, need a lift or you have something to communicate, whether it’s an anecdote, a special song or a story you think he’d like.
Touch is the first sense your baby develops in the womb — even before sight and hearing. In fact, twin babies will regularly interact and touch each other early on in the second trimester. (The ability to detect some noises and changes in light comes a little bit later!)As you rub your belly, you can no doubt find your tot’s little body parts, like his tush (soft, round), his head (hard, round) and limbs that stick out every which way. And as you start feeling all those kicks and flips from the fetus inside you — usually around weeks 18 to 22 — your baby on board will soon feel you too.How do babies react to pregnant belly rubs?The reaction your baby has to pregnant belly rubs is a very positive one, say the experts behind some research that examined a mother’s touch in pregnancy. Researchers performed sonograms on expectant women during the second and third trimesters to track babies’ movements when their mothers spoke, stroked their bellies or laid completely still.The results? The babies moved their arms, heads and mouths more when their mothers touched their bellies than when their moms spoke to them. They also responded to maternal touch earlier in gestation than was previously known, between weeks 21 and 25 of pregnancy. How to bond with your baby during pregnancyIn addition to touching your belly, there are other ways you can forge a strong bond with your baby during pregnancy. Interact with your little one in utero with these easy ideas:Play a tune. Introduce your growing little one to some favorite music while he’s in the womb. He’s able to hear (muffled) sounds by the halfway point in your pregnancy!Chat him up. Describe the weather, explain what you’re working on or just narrate the chores you’re doing. All are small ways to form an attachment from the start and teach baby the sound of your voice.Read a tale. Nope, it’s not too early to instill a love of language. You might be collecting baby board books for your tot’s arrival so crack open a few and read to him now.Start a journal. Keep a book for your baby or write down your thoughts in a diary. You could include pictures of you with a big belly, names you’re considering, medical updates and funny things that have happened during each trimester.Rubbing your growing belly is a gentle and intimate way to connect with your baby and show your love. Stroke it any time you want to bond, need a lift or you have something to communicate, whether it’s an anecdote, a special song or a story you think he’d like.
As you rub your belly, you can no doubt find your tot’s little body parts, like his tush (soft, round), his head (hard, round) and limbs that stick out every which way. And as you start feeling all those kicks and flips from the fetus inside you — usually around weeks 18 to 22 — your baby on board will soon feel you too.How do babies react to pregnant belly rubs?The reaction your baby has to pregnant belly rubs is a very positive one, say the experts behind some research that examined a mother’s touch in pregnancy. Researchers performed sonograms on expectant women during the second and third trimesters to track babies’ movements when their mothers spoke, stroked their bellies or laid completely still.The results? The babies moved their arms, heads and mouths more when their mothers touched their bellies than when their moms spoke to them. They also responded to maternal touch earlier in gestation than was previously known, between weeks 21 and 25 of pregnancy. How to bond with your baby during pregnancyIn addition to touching your belly, there are other ways you can forge a strong bond with your baby during pregnancy. Interact with your little one in utero with these easy ideas:Play a tune. Introduce your growing little one to some favorite music while he’s in the womb. He’s able to hear (muffled) sounds by the halfway point in your pregnancy!Chat him up. Describe the weather, explain what you’re working on or just narrate the chores you’re doing. All are small ways to form an attachment from the start and teach baby the sound of your voice.Read a tale. Nope, it’s not too early to instill a love of language. You might be collecting baby board books for your tot’s arrival so crack open a few and read to him now.Start a journal. Keep a book for your baby or write down your thoughts in a diary. You could include pictures of you with a big belly, names you’re considering, medical updates and funny things that have happened during each trimester.Rubbing your growing belly is a gentle and intimate way to connect with your baby and show your love. Stroke it any time you want to bond, need a lift or you have something to communicate, whether it’s an anecdote, a special song or a story you think he’d like.
The reaction your baby has to pregnant belly rubs is a very positive one, say the experts behind some research that examined a mother’s touch in pregnancy. Researchers performed sonograms on expectant women during the second and third trimesters to track babies’ movements when their mothers spoke, stroked their bellies or laid completely still.The results? The babies moved their arms, heads and mouths more when their mothers touched their bellies than when their moms spoke to them. They also responded to maternal touch earlier in gestation than was previously known, between weeks 21 and 25 of pregnancy. How to bond with your baby during pregnancyIn addition to touching your belly, there are other ways you can forge a strong bond with your baby during pregnancy. Interact with your little one in utero with these easy ideas:Play a tune. Introduce your growing little one to some favorite music while he’s in the womb. He’s able to hear (muffled) sounds by the halfway point in your pregnancy!Chat him up. Describe the weather, explain what you’re working on or just narrate the chores you’re doing. All are small ways to form an attachment from the start and teach baby the sound of your voice.Read a tale. Nope, it’s not too early to instill a love of language. You might be collecting baby board books for your tot’s arrival so crack open a few and read to him now.Start a journal. Keep a book for your baby or write down your thoughts in a diary. You could include pictures of you with a big belly, names you’re considering, medical updates and funny things that have happened during each trimester.Rubbing your growing belly is a gentle and intimate way to connect with your baby and show your love. Stroke it any time you want to bond, need a lift or you have something to communicate, whether it’s an anecdote, a special song or a story you think he’d like.
The results? The babies moved their arms, heads and mouths more when their mothers touched their bellies than when their moms spoke to them. They also responded to maternal touch earlier in gestation than was previously known, between weeks 21 and 25 of pregnancy. How to bond with your baby during pregnancyIn addition to touching your belly, there are other ways you can forge a strong bond with your baby during pregnancy. Interact with your little one in utero with these easy ideas:Play a tune. Introduce your growing little one to some favorite music while he’s in the womb. He’s able to hear (muffled) sounds by the halfway point in your pregnancy!Chat him up. Describe the weather, explain what you’re working on or just narrate the chores you’re doing. All are small ways to form an attachment from the start and teach baby the sound of your voice.Read a tale. Nope, it’s not too early to instill a love of language. You might be collecting baby board books for your tot’s arrival so crack open a few and read to him now.Start a journal. Keep a book for your baby or write down your thoughts in a diary. You could include pictures of you with a big belly, names you’re considering, medical updates and funny things that have happened during each trimester.Rubbing your growing belly is a gentle and intimate way to connect with your baby and show your love. Stroke it any time you want to bond, need a lift or you have something to communicate, whether it’s an anecdote, a special song or a story you think he’d like.
In addition to touching your belly, there are other ways you can forge a strong bond with your baby during pregnancy. Interact with your little one in utero with these easy ideas:Play a tune. Introduce your growing little one to some favorite music while he’s in the womb. He’s able to hear (muffled) sounds by the halfway point in your pregnancy!Chat him up. Describe the weather, explain what you’re working on or just narrate the chores you’re doing. All are small ways to form an attachment from the start and teach baby the sound of your voice.Read a tale. Nope, it’s not too early to instill a love of language. You might be collecting baby board books for your tot’s arrival so crack open a few and read to him now.Start a journal. Keep a book for your baby or write down your thoughts in a diary. You could include pictures of you with a big belly, names you’re considering, medical updates and funny things that have happened during each trimester.Rubbing your growing belly is a gentle and intimate way to connect with your baby and show your love. Stroke it any time you want to bond, need a lift or you have something to communicate, whether it’s an anecdote, a special song or a story you think he’d like.
Rubbing your growing belly is a gentle and intimate way to connect with your baby and show your love. Stroke it any time you want to bond, need a lift or you have something to communicate, whether it’s an anecdote, a special song or a story you think he’d like.
From the What to Expect editorial team and Heidi Murkoff, author of What to Expect When You're Expecting. What to Expect follows strict reporting guidelines and uses only credible sources, such as peer-reviewed studies, academic research institutions and highly respected health organizations. Learn how we keep our content accurate and up-to-date by reading our medical review and editorial policy.
Please whitelist our site to get all the best deals and offers from our partners.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TITLE: What Happens in the ‘4th Trimester’ (and Is It a Real Thing)?
DATE: Latest update: See more
URL: https://whattoexpect.com/first-year/postpartum/what-doctors-wish-moms-knew-fourth-trimester/
CONTENT:
We believe you should always know the source of the information you're reading. Learn more about our editorial and medical review policies.
Just when you thought you'd reached the finish line of pregnancy, you discover there’s one more "trimester" to get through.We’re talking about the so-called "4th trimester" — that hazy period where you’re recovering from pregnancy and delivery while simultaneously learning how to be a mom as your baby adjusts to life outside the womb. Here’s a look at what you and your little one may be going through during the 4th trimester, how to feel your best and when life will start to look a little more normal again.What is the 4th trimester?The fourth trimester (more commonly written as the "4th trimester") describes the postpartum period starting from your baby's birthday until he turns 3 months old.The term is believed to have been coined by Dr. Harvey Karp, a pediatrician who theorized that human babies are born about three months too early.After those nine months of pregnancy have passed, the thinking goes, fetuses' brains are so big that babies may not fit through the birth canal if they stuck around in the womb much longer. Even so, they’re still not quite mature enough to leave their cozy, cushy space — and it takes about 12 weeks for them to adjust to life on the outside.That accounts for the major change your little one goes through in a relatively short time — from sleepy, sometimes fussy, scrunched-up newborn to (hopefully) calmer, happier, more alert 3-month-old baby. By 12 weeks, your little one can likely hold his head up to some degree and is becoming more interested in and aware of the world around him. The 4th trimester is a period of significant physical, mental and emotional development for your baby.But it’s a time of change for new moms too. As your body readjusts to no longer being pregnant, you’re learning how to care for a new baby — and navigating the major life changes that come along with it. Continue Reading Below  Read This Next How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  Track your breastfeeding and pumping sessions with the Baby Tracker tool in our free appWhat is happening during the 4th trimester?Both you and your baby will go through major transformations in those first three months after birth, and it can sometimes feel pretty overwhelming.Understanding this time period and what you can expect can help you be more prepared, recover faster and be good to yourself in the process. Here's what happens during the 4th trimester:Postpartum changes moms experience during the 4th trimesterEspecially in the early weeks after your baby arrives, your body is recovering from giving birth. Your hormones are in flux, your organs are shifting back to their former positions and your breast milk is coming in.At the same time, you’re experiencing normal postpartum bleeding and dealing with the discomfort of a healing perineal area and/or a C-section scar. While many women are considered to have physically recovered from birth after six weeks, that doesn’t mean your body will feel or look just like it did before you got pregnant.After all, it took you nine months to grow your baby. You can expect it to take at least that long for your body to go back to “normal.” And if you’re breastfeeding, you might not feel completely back to your old self (or at least, something like it) until you’ve weaned.Feeling like your body isn’t your own can be challenging in and of itself. On top of that, you’re dealing with the fatigue that comes with caring for a newborn and the normal emotional ups and downs that accompany settling into life with your new baby.Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
We’re talking about the so-called "4th trimester" — that hazy period where you’re recovering from pregnancy and delivery while simultaneously learning how to be a mom as your baby adjusts to life outside the womb. Here’s a look at what you and your little one may be going through during the 4th trimester, how to feel your best and when life will start to look a little more normal again.What is the 4th trimester?The fourth trimester (more commonly written as the "4th trimester") describes the postpartum period starting from your baby's birthday until he turns 3 months old.The term is believed to have been coined by Dr. Harvey Karp, a pediatrician who theorized that human babies are born about three months too early.After those nine months of pregnancy have passed, the thinking goes, fetuses' brains are so big that babies may not fit through the birth canal if they stuck around in the womb much longer. Even so, they’re still not quite mature enough to leave their cozy, cushy space — and it takes about 12 weeks for them to adjust to life on the outside.That accounts for the major change your little one goes through in a relatively short time — from sleepy, sometimes fussy, scrunched-up newborn to (hopefully) calmer, happier, more alert 3-month-old baby. By 12 weeks, your little one can likely hold his head up to some degree and is becoming more interested in and aware of the world around him. The 4th trimester is a period of significant physical, mental and emotional development for your baby.But it’s a time of change for new moms too. As your body readjusts to no longer being pregnant, you’re learning how to care for a new baby — and navigating the major life changes that come along with it. Continue Reading Below  Read This Next How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  Track your breastfeeding and pumping sessions with the Baby Tracker tool in our free appWhat is happening during the 4th trimester?Both you and your baby will go through major transformations in those first three months after birth, and it can sometimes feel pretty overwhelming.Understanding this time period and what you can expect can help you be more prepared, recover faster and be good to yourself in the process. Here's what happens during the 4th trimester:Postpartum changes moms experience during the 4th trimesterEspecially in the early weeks after your baby arrives, your body is recovering from giving birth. Your hormones are in flux, your organs are shifting back to their former positions and your breast milk is coming in.At the same time, you’re experiencing normal postpartum bleeding and dealing with the discomfort of a healing perineal area and/or a C-section scar. While many women are considered to have physically recovered from birth after six weeks, that doesn’t mean your body will feel or look just like it did before you got pregnant.After all, it took you nine months to grow your baby. You can expect it to take at least that long for your body to go back to “normal.” And if you’re breastfeeding, you might not feel completely back to your old self (or at least, something like it) until you’ve weaned.Feeling like your body isn’t your own can be challenging in and of itself. On top of that, you’re dealing with the fatigue that comes with caring for a newborn and the normal emotional ups and downs that accompany settling into life with your new baby.Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Here’s a look at what you and your little one may be going through during the 4th trimester, how to feel your best and when life will start to look a little more normal again.What is the 4th trimester?The fourth trimester (more commonly written as the "4th trimester") describes the postpartum period starting from your baby's birthday until he turns 3 months old.The term is believed to have been coined by Dr. Harvey Karp, a pediatrician who theorized that human babies are born about three months too early.After those nine months of pregnancy have passed, the thinking goes, fetuses' brains are so big that babies may not fit through the birth canal if they stuck around in the womb much longer. Even so, they’re still not quite mature enough to leave their cozy, cushy space — and it takes about 12 weeks for them to adjust to life on the outside.That accounts for the major change your little one goes through in a relatively short time — from sleepy, sometimes fussy, scrunched-up newborn to (hopefully) calmer, happier, more alert 3-month-old baby. By 12 weeks, your little one can likely hold his head up to some degree and is becoming more interested in and aware of the world around him. The 4th trimester is a period of significant physical, mental and emotional development for your baby.But it’s a time of change for new moms too. As your body readjusts to no longer being pregnant, you’re learning how to care for a new baby — and navigating the major life changes that come along with it. Continue Reading Below  Read This Next How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  Track your breastfeeding and pumping sessions with the Baby Tracker tool in our free appWhat is happening during the 4th trimester?Both you and your baby will go through major transformations in those first three months after birth, and it can sometimes feel pretty overwhelming.Understanding this time period and what you can expect can help you be more prepared, recover faster and be good to yourself in the process. Here's what happens during the 4th trimester:Postpartum changes moms experience during the 4th trimesterEspecially in the early weeks after your baby arrives, your body is recovering from giving birth. Your hormones are in flux, your organs are shifting back to their former positions and your breast milk is coming in.At the same time, you’re experiencing normal postpartum bleeding and dealing with the discomfort of a healing perineal area and/or a C-section scar. While many women are considered to have physically recovered from birth after six weeks, that doesn’t mean your body will feel or look just like it did before you got pregnant.After all, it took you nine months to grow your baby. You can expect it to take at least that long for your body to go back to “normal.” And if you’re breastfeeding, you might not feel completely back to your old self (or at least, something like it) until you’ve weaned.Feeling like your body isn’t your own can be challenging in and of itself. On top of that, you’re dealing with the fatigue that comes with caring for a newborn and the normal emotional ups and downs that accompany settling into life with your new baby.Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
The fourth trimester (more commonly written as the "4th trimester") describes the postpartum period starting from your baby's birthday until he turns 3 months old.The term is believed to have been coined by Dr. Harvey Karp, a pediatrician who theorized that human babies are born about three months too early.After those nine months of pregnancy have passed, the thinking goes, fetuses' brains are so big that babies may not fit through the birth canal if they stuck around in the womb much longer. Even so, they’re still not quite mature enough to leave their cozy, cushy space — and it takes about 12 weeks for them to adjust to life on the outside.That accounts for the major change your little one goes through in a relatively short time — from sleepy, sometimes fussy, scrunched-up newborn to (hopefully) calmer, happier, more alert 3-month-old baby. By 12 weeks, your little one can likely hold his head up to some degree and is becoming more interested in and aware of the world around him. The 4th trimester is a period of significant physical, mental and emotional development for your baby.But it’s a time of change for new moms too. As your body readjusts to no longer being pregnant, you’re learning how to care for a new baby — and navigating the major life changes that come along with it. Continue Reading Below  Read This Next How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  Track your breastfeeding and pumping sessions with the Baby Tracker tool in our free appWhat is happening during the 4th trimester?Both you and your baby will go through major transformations in those first three months after birth, and it can sometimes feel pretty overwhelming.Understanding this time period and what you can expect can help you be more prepared, recover faster and be good to yourself in the process. Here's what happens during the 4th trimester:Postpartum changes moms experience during the 4th trimesterEspecially in the early weeks after your baby arrives, your body is recovering from giving birth. Your hormones are in flux, your organs are shifting back to their former positions and your breast milk is coming in.At the same time, you’re experiencing normal postpartum bleeding and dealing with the discomfort of a healing perineal area and/or a C-section scar. While many women are considered to have physically recovered from birth after six weeks, that doesn’t mean your body will feel or look just like it did before you got pregnant.After all, it took you nine months to grow your baby. You can expect it to take at least that long for your body to go back to “normal.” And if you’re breastfeeding, you might not feel completely back to your old self (or at least, something like it) until you’ve weaned.Feeling like your body isn’t your own can be challenging in and of itself. On top of that, you’re dealing with the fatigue that comes with caring for a newborn and the normal emotional ups and downs that accompany settling into life with your new baby.Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
The term is believed to have been coined by Dr. Harvey Karp, a pediatrician who theorized that human babies are born about three months too early.After those nine months of pregnancy have passed, the thinking goes, fetuses' brains are so big that babies may not fit through the birth canal if they stuck around in the womb much longer. Even so, they’re still not quite mature enough to leave their cozy, cushy space — and it takes about 12 weeks for them to adjust to life on the outside.That accounts for the major change your little one goes through in a relatively short time — from sleepy, sometimes fussy, scrunched-up newborn to (hopefully) calmer, happier, more alert 3-month-old baby. By 12 weeks, your little one can likely hold his head up to some degree and is becoming more interested in and aware of the world around him. The 4th trimester is a period of significant physical, mental and emotional development for your baby.But it’s a time of change for new moms too. As your body readjusts to no longer being pregnant, you’re learning how to care for a new baby — and navigating the major life changes that come along with it. Continue Reading Below  Read This Next How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  Track your breastfeeding and pumping sessions with the Baby Tracker tool in our free appWhat is happening during the 4th trimester?Both you and your baby will go through major transformations in those first three months after birth, and it can sometimes feel pretty overwhelming.Understanding this time period and what you can expect can help you be more prepared, recover faster and be good to yourself in the process. Here's what happens during the 4th trimester:Postpartum changes moms experience during the 4th trimesterEspecially in the early weeks after your baby arrives, your body is recovering from giving birth. Your hormones are in flux, your organs are shifting back to their former positions and your breast milk is coming in.At the same time, you’re experiencing normal postpartum bleeding and dealing with the discomfort of a healing perineal area and/or a C-section scar. While many women are considered to have physically recovered from birth after six weeks, that doesn’t mean your body will feel or look just like it did before you got pregnant.After all, it took you nine months to grow your baby. You can expect it to take at least that long for your body to go back to “normal.” And if you’re breastfeeding, you might not feel completely back to your old self (or at least, something like it) until you’ve weaned.Feeling like your body isn’t your own can be challenging in and of itself. On top of that, you’re dealing with the fatigue that comes with caring for a newborn and the normal emotional ups and downs that accompany settling into life with your new baby.Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
After those nine months of pregnancy have passed, the thinking goes, fetuses' brains are so big that babies may not fit through the birth canal if they stuck around in the womb much longer. Even so, they’re still not quite mature enough to leave their cozy, cushy space — and it takes about 12 weeks for them to adjust to life on the outside.That accounts for the major change your little one goes through in a relatively short time — from sleepy, sometimes fussy, scrunched-up newborn to (hopefully) calmer, happier, more alert 3-month-old baby. By 12 weeks, your little one can likely hold his head up to some degree and is becoming more interested in and aware of the world around him. The 4th trimester is a period of significant physical, mental and emotional development for your baby.But it’s a time of change for new moms too. As your body readjusts to no longer being pregnant, you’re learning how to care for a new baby — and navigating the major life changes that come along with it. Continue Reading Below  Read This Next How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  Track your breastfeeding and pumping sessions with the Baby Tracker tool in our free appWhat is happening during the 4th trimester?Both you and your baby will go through major transformations in those first three months after birth, and it can sometimes feel pretty overwhelming.Understanding this time period and what you can expect can help you be more prepared, recover faster and be good to yourself in the process. Here's what happens during the 4th trimester:Postpartum changes moms experience during the 4th trimesterEspecially in the early weeks after your baby arrives, your body is recovering from giving birth. Your hormones are in flux, your organs are shifting back to their former positions and your breast milk is coming in.At the same time, you’re experiencing normal postpartum bleeding and dealing with the discomfort of a healing perineal area and/or a C-section scar. While many women are considered to have physically recovered from birth after six weeks, that doesn’t mean your body will feel or look just like it did before you got pregnant.After all, it took you nine months to grow your baby. You can expect it to take at least that long for your body to go back to “normal.” And if you’re breastfeeding, you might not feel completely back to your old self (or at least, something like it) until you’ve weaned.Feeling like your body isn’t your own can be challenging in and of itself. On top of that, you’re dealing with the fatigue that comes with caring for a newborn and the normal emotional ups and downs that accompany settling into life with your new baby.Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
That accounts for the major change your little one goes through in a relatively short time — from sleepy, sometimes fussy, scrunched-up newborn to (hopefully) calmer, happier, more alert 3-month-old baby. By 12 weeks, your little one can likely hold his head up to some degree and is becoming more interested in and aware of the world around him. The 4th trimester is a period of significant physical, mental and emotional development for your baby.But it’s a time of change for new moms too. As your body readjusts to no longer being pregnant, you’re learning how to care for a new baby — and navigating the major life changes that come along with it. Continue Reading Below  Read This Next How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  Track your breastfeeding and pumping sessions with the Baby Tracker tool in our free appWhat is happening during the 4th trimester?Both you and your baby will go through major transformations in those first three months after birth, and it can sometimes feel pretty overwhelming.Understanding this time period and what you can expect can help you be more prepared, recover faster and be good to yourself in the process. Here's what happens during the 4th trimester:Postpartum changes moms experience during the 4th trimesterEspecially in the early weeks after your baby arrives, your body is recovering from giving birth. Your hormones are in flux, your organs are shifting back to their former positions and your breast milk is coming in.At the same time, you’re experiencing normal postpartum bleeding and dealing with the discomfort of a healing perineal area and/or a C-section scar. While many women are considered to have physically recovered from birth after six weeks, that doesn’t mean your body will feel or look just like it did before you got pregnant.After all, it took you nine months to grow your baby. You can expect it to take at least that long for your body to go back to “normal.” And if you’re breastfeeding, you might not feel completely back to your old self (or at least, something like it) until you’ve weaned.Feeling like your body isn’t your own can be challenging in and of itself. On top of that, you’re dealing with the fatigue that comes with caring for a newborn and the normal emotional ups and downs that accompany settling into life with your new baby.Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
But it’s a time of change for new moms too. As your body readjusts to no longer being pregnant, you’re learning how to care for a new baby — and navigating the major life changes that come along with it. Continue Reading Below  Read This Next How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  How to Create a Night Shift System When You Have a Newborn  Postpartum Recovery Timeline  Postpartum Health & Care  Track your breastfeeding and pumping sessions with the Baby Tracker tool in our free appWhat is happening during the 4th trimester?Both you and your baby will go through major transformations in those first three months after birth, and it can sometimes feel pretty overwhelming.Understanding this time period and what you can expect can help you be more prepared, recover faster and be good to yourself in the process. Here's what happens during the 4th trimester:Postpartum changes moms experience during the 4th trimesterEspecially in the early weeks after your baby arrives, your body is recovering from giving birth. Your hormones are in flux, your organs are shifting back to their former positions and your breast milk is coming in.At the same time, you’re experiencing normal postpartum bleeding and dealing with the discomfort of a healing perineal area and/or a C-section scar. While many women are considered to have physically recovered from birth after six weeks, that doesn’t mean your body will feel or look just like it did before you got pregnant.After all, it took you nine months to grow your baby. You can expect it to take at least that long for your body to go back to “normal.” And if you’re breastfeeding, you might not feel completely back to your old self (or at least, something like it) until you’ve weaned.Feeling like your body isn’t your own can be challenging in and of itself. On top of that, you’re dealing with the fatigue that comes with caring for a newborn and the normal emotional ups and downs that accompany settling into life with your new baby.Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Both you and your baby will go through major transformations in those first three months after birth, and it can sometimes feel pretty overwhelming.Understanding this time period and what you can expect can help you be more prepared, recover faster and be good to yourself in the process. Here's what happens during the 4th trimester:Postpartum changes moms experience during the 4th trimesterEspecially in the early weeks after your baby arrives, your body is recovering from giving birth. Your hormones are in flux, your organs are shifting back to their former positions and your breast milk is coming in.At the same time, you’re experiencing normal postpartum bleeding and dealing with the discomfort of a healing perineal area and/or a C-section scar. While many women are considered to have physically recovered from birth after six weeks, that doesn’t mean your body will feel or look just like it did before you got pregnant.After all, it took you nine months to grow your baby. You can expect it to take at least that long for your body to go back to “normal.” And if you’re breastfeeding, you might not feel completely back to your old self (or at least, something like it) until you’ve weaned.Feeling like your body isn’t your own can be challenging in and of itself. On top of that, you’re dealing with the fatigue that comes with caring for a newborn and the normal emotional ups and downs that accompany settling into life with your new baby.Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Understanding this time period and what you can expect can help you be more prepared, recover faster and be good to yourself in the process. Here's what happens during the 4th trimester:Postpartum changes moms experience during the 4th trimesterEspecially in the early weeks after your baby arrives, your body is recovering from giving birth. Your hormones are in flux, your organs are shifting back to their former positions and your breast milk is coming in.At the same time, you’re experiencing normal postpartum bleeding and dealing with the discomfort of a healing perineal area and/or a C-section scar. While many women are considered to have physically recovered from birth after six weeks, that doesn’t mean your body will feel or look just like it did before you got pregnant.After all, it took you nine months to grow your baby. You can expect it to take at least that long for your body to go back to “normal.” And if you’re breastfeeding, you might not feel completely back to your old self (or at least, something like it) until you’ve weaned.Feeling like your body isn’t your own can be challenging in and of itself. On top of that, you’re dealing with the fatigue that comes with caring for a newborn and the normal emotional ups and downs that accompany settling into life with your new baby.Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Especially in the early weeks after your baby arrives, your body is recovering from giving birth. Your hormones are in flux, your organs are shifting back to their former positions and your breast milk is coming in.At the same time, you’re experiencing normal postpartum bleeding and dealing with the discomfort of a healing perineal area and/or a C-section scar. While many women are considered to have physically recovered from birth after six weeks, that doesn’t mean your body will feel or look just like it did before you got pregnant.After all, it took you nine months to grow your baby. You can expect it to take at least that long for your body to go back to “normal.” And if you’re breastfeeding, you might not feel completely back to your old self (or at least, something like it) until you’ve weaned.Feeling like your body isn’t your own can be challenging in and of itself. On top of that, you’re dealing with the fatigue that comes with caring for a newborn and the normal emotional ups and downs that accompany settling into life with your new baby.Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
At the same time, you’re experiencing normal postpartum bleeding and dealing with the discomfort of a healing perineal area and/or a C-section scar. While many women are considered to have physically recovered from birth after six weeks, that doesn’t mean your body will feel or look just like it did before you got pregnant.After all, it took you nine months to grow your baby. You can expect it to take at least that long for your body to go back to “normal.” And if you’re breastfeeding, you might not feel completely back to your old self (or at least, something like it) until you’ve weaned.Feeling like your body isn’t your own can be challenging in and of itself. On top of that, you’re dealing with the fatigue that comes with caring for a newborn and the normal emotional ups and downs that accompany settling into life with your new baby.Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
While many women are considered to have physically recovered from birth after six weeks, that doesn’t mean your body will feel or look just like it did before you got pregnant.After all, it took you nine months to grow your baby. You can expect it to take at least that long for your body to go back to “normal.” And if you’re breastfeeding, you might not feel completely back to your old self (or at least, something like it) until you’ve weaned.Feeling like your body isn’t your own can be challenging in and of itself. On top of that, you’re dealing with the fatigue that comes with caring for a newborn and the normal emotional ups and downs that accompany settling into life with your new baby.Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
After all, it took you nine months to grow your baby. You can expect it to take at least that long for your body to go back to “normal.” And if you’re breastfeeding, you might not feel completely back to your old self (or at least, something like it) until you’ve weaned.Feeling like your body isn’t your own can be challenging in and of itself. On top of that, you’re dealing with the fatigue that comes with caring for a newborn and the normal emotional ups and downs that accompany settling into life with your new baby.Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Feeling like your body isn’t your own can be challenging in and of itself. On top of that, you’re dealing with the fatigue that comes with caring for a newborn and the normal emotional ups and downs that accompany settling into life with your new baby.Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Things also might not look exactly how you pictured they would while you were pregnant, and you might be missing aspects of your pre-mom life. It can be a lot to take in all at once! Just remember that you're not alone in whatever you may be feeling.Baby’s development during the 4th trimesterWhile you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
While you’re experiencing a lot of new things during those first three months, everything is new for your little one. And after nine months in a warm, watery womb, adapting to life on the outside can be a little challenging, to say the least.In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
In those early days, it might seem like your newborn hasn’t quite gotten the memo that he's entered the real world. He’s still often curled up in the fetal position, his movements are jerky, and he can easily become overstimulated and fussy.He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
He also may seem to be mixing up day and night, demand to be fed round-the-clock and snooze at random intervals. At this point, all he really wants to do is eat, sleep, go through diapers and be held!But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
But he won’t stay like this for too long. As your baby grows (as much as a couple of pounds in weight and 1 ½ inches in length by the third or fourth month), he’ll go through other big physical changes too. His arms, legs, hands and feet will start to unfurl, and as baby's muscles develop, those little movements will become more deliberate.Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Your baby will also gradually gain control of that big, heavy head and start to lift it higher and higher. By 3 months, your little one will likely be looking around while leaning on his forearms during tummy time — and not long after that, may even begin to push up.As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
As baby's vision improves and the capacity for interaction grows, that little personality will start to take shape too. Over the course of the 4th trimester, your sweetie will go from newborn who gazes through cloudy eyes at you to a more bubbly infant who delights in playing, imitating some of your movements and facial expressions, and even smiling.  And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
And if those sleepless nights and seemingly non-stop feedings have you dreaming about getting in even a few hours of uninterrupted shut-eye, take heart. By the end of the 4th trimester, your baby will be on the way to a fairly predictable eating routine and something akin to a more consistent sleep schedule.Tips for coping with some of the biggest 4th trimester challengesThese foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
These foggy, whirlwind days won’t last forever. But in the meantime, here are some strategies to help you make it through.  Ask for help.Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Don’t feel like you have to do everything yourself. Let your partner or a close friend or relative help take care of the baby. Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Even if you’re breastfeeding, they can take your little bundle at other times so you can sleep, as well as handle diaper and bathtime if you're comfortable delegating those baby care duties.When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
When someone comes to visit, give them something to do instead of feeling like you need to play host. Ask for them to bring groceries or a meal, do a load of laundry, empty the dishwasher or just hold the baby so you can take a shower.Know that it’s normal to not feel normal.Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Intense mood swings and periods of weepiness are so normal after having a baby that they even have their own name: the baby blues. Pair that with the sleep deprivation, and you’ve got the potential for a serious storm of emotions.Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way, or for worrying that you aren’t doing enough. If you’ve managed to get some rest, eat something and care for your baby, you’ve ticked off all the important to-do's.That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
That said, while feeling more emotional during the weeks right after birth is common, feeling chronically sad, depressed or overly anxious, or having thoughts of harming yourself or your baby can be signs of postpartum depression (PPD) or postpartum anxiety (PPA).That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
That doesn’t mean you’re losing your mind, are a bad mom or have done anything wrong — postpartum mental health issues like PPD are never your fault. But they are treatable, so if you think you may be suffering from PPD or another condition, reach out to your doctor for help.Take care of yourself.Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Covering the basics will go a long way towards helping you feel strong and energized.Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Try to eat healthy foods like fruits, veggies, lean proteins and whole grains, and limit the sugary snacks. Drink plenty of water. Get out of the house when you can, even if it’s just taking the baby for a walk around the block.When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
When your little bean sleeps, resist the urge to get things done around the house and try to get some shut-eye yourself.If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
If you aren’t getting the rest you need to function, ask your partner, family and/or friends for more support. Or if you're ready, try finding a babysitter you trust. Maybe someone can come over once or twice a week for a little while so you can nap. Ask your partner to take over a nighttime or early-morning feeding if you've introduced bottles.  Find a group for new moms. Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Even with a supportive partner, family members and friends, you still might feel like you’re going through it all alone sometimes. Talking with other moms gives you a chance to share your feelings with women who understand exactly how you feel because they’re in the thick of it too.But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
But where do you start when you're trying to make new mom friends? Ask your pediatrician or OB/GYN to recommend support groups, find out about local parent Facebook groups, or check bulletin boards at the grocery store, library or community center in your area. If and when your little one starts day care, that's a good way to meet other parents with little ones the same age too.You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
You can also just strike up a conversation with another mom when you see one out in the wild, like in your neighborhood or at a nearby playground. Chances are, she’s as eager to talk as you.  Go to your postpartum appointments.The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that new moms have their first postpartum checkup with their OB/GYNs or midwives within three weeks of giving birth and receive ongoing care as needed, plus schedule a comprehensive exam within 12 weeks of delivery.These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
These visits are an opportunity to talk about your concerns or challenges — both physical and emotional — and find ways to help you feel your best. When does the 4th trimester end?The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
The 4th trimester ends around three months postpartum. Does that mean that you’ll look and feel exactly like you did before you got pregnant — and that caring for your baby will be a breeze 24/7? Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Probably not. Adjusting to life with a new baby, whether it's your first, second, third or something else, is a gradual transition that will likely continue throughout that first year and beyond. And though your 3-month-old baby is vastly different than his newborn self, it goes without saying that he’s got a whole lot of growing and developing still to come!Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Plus things never quite "go back to the way they were" before you gave birth — parenthood changes you! — but you can look forward to feeling more like your old self in time. By 12 weeks after baby's arrival, you can expect to feel much more physically and emotionally comfortable than you did initially. Your baby will likely be more fun and interactive, and at least bit less fussy (fingers crossed) too. Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
Most importantly, you’ll have started to build the confidence and experience that will carry you through your journey as a mother. It's among the many rewards that make all those tricky parenting moments worth it!
From the What to Expect editorial team and Heidi Murkoff, author of What to Expect When You're Expecting. What to Expect follows strict reporting guidelines and uses only credible sources, such as peer-reviewed studies, academic research institutions and highly respected health organizations. Learn how we keep our content accurate and up-to-date by reading our medical review and editorial policy.
Please whitelist our site to get all the best deals and offers from our partners.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

